Today took my pet to vet clinic and came to know she was carrying, so excited and surprised for my fur baby.
I found a new aerobic at the gym, it was pulling a rope, sitting down, I was so happy because I burned 240 calories in 16 minutes
The best moment when I won dota2 championship
Slept in and woke up feeling rested. Coffee tasted great.
I went to a friend's birthday party, and we played fun games.
My husband and I after working dinner day cooking together while my daughter had about how was your day at school.
Elizabeth's fever finally broke this morning. Now I can relax.
I woke up extremely early today, making my day productive and me happy.
A stroll in the park with the love of my life today.
The cute baby rabbit was in my yard again today, I sure hope he comes back tomorrow!
There was no traffic getting to work today.
I can hardly believe that I finally graduated. My parents were very proud.
Going to the beach with friends
Today morning my lovable, an year old kid started walking alone, seeing that am very happy.
I enjoy going to the gym early in the morning and taking a spin class.
when i born
I ate a delicious chocolate sundae.
I bought a new Crepe Myrtle today.
Early morning in the beach having breakfast with the family.
I came home from work and my dog licked my face and was happy to see me.
I got a new pet kitten.
I travelled through public transport today.
Walking out of the gym after a vigorous workout.
Opening the front door in the middle of the day, just to feel the humid breeze coming in from the ocean
The day when i purchased halo 4 five days early to play for xbox.
Me and my partner won our game of horseshoes against our opponents.
I went for a bike ride in the early morning.
Today attended the meeting with confident. Achieved  all the targets. Got appreciation from the boss.
Early morning in Orlando. Walk out to the quiet lake to watch sunrise.
Have a good chance of getting this temp gig I found on Craigslist.
I was sent home from work early today.
Speaking with my step dad yesterday.
It is lunch time. I just got my order from a fried chicken take-out place. The chicken is crisp and savory. I enjoyed the time to myself while eating a delicious meal.
On the weekend I got to sleep in far past the time I usually wake up at during the week.
This morning I woke up to a cat laying on my belly and purring.
My son woke up and came to cuddle with me.
I went on a date with my wife tonight.
My cats came running to me when I got home.
Today i have done 65 hits in mturk , highest by me in a single day till now,  so i am happy.
Alone in my room in the morning listening to loud music.
This morning I hugged my wife and kissed her.
Got surprise FREE quad latte to start my morning.   Great start to the day!
I went to the dog park and watched the sweet puppies play.
Today my cute daughter perform dance for song.
I had a lovely lunch with my mother.
I woke up this morning feeling energetic and refreshed.
This morning I sleep untill 9.00am. I love that
Got home after a long day of work. Sat down on the couch, opened a beer, turned on the TV to watch the game.
Early morning in the library, very peaceful. The sun starting to come through the windows. The smell of books, feeling very enthusiastic to learn.
i cashed out Mturk money yesterday. for the first time.
I found potatoes in the pantry.
Finding out that work will be a little bit easier, Less load to crunch.
I finally finished Harry Potter and the Cursed Child today and it was really good to get into reading again.
When my son Said loudly I farted in front family
The weather was nice and I spent the day at the pool.  It was refreshing and relaxing.
The weather was cool enough that I could walk the dogs around the block.
Hung out with friends last night. Had dinner and played games. So nice to see them.
I had so much fun at the zoo today with my family.
I was able to eat dinner with my girlfriend.
I kissed my girlfriend for the first time
Today has been great! It was my birthday today and I got lots of presents.feeling happy..
i meditated in the sun on one leg out on my deck this morning.  It was one of the only times of the day without my kids with me. Very recharging!
The dogs and I saw the doe with her twin fawns this morning during our walk.
I light the candle next to my computer and start playing my daily-routine playlist.
Today I found out I am getting a raise at work. Everyone was very excited for me. I will now be able to afford the apartment I want.
I woke up and couldn't stop looking at the beautiful sunny sky.
Waking up and playing with the kittens, so warm and fuzzy.
Today successfuly i completed my first week of muscle building workout,reduced one kg,felt very happy.
Jessica made me breakfast this morning. She is sooooo sweet.
I had a happy moment when my son gave me a big hug before going into his school.
We stayed at the beach yesterday night, seeing the sun rising was just breathtaking.
Packing for my vacation today brings much joy.
Early Cloudy Morning wake up too early to going the Temple , Because that's my birthday
Today after a long time I spent my time with my very close friend and felt very happy and jolly.
I watched Simone win golf on floor last night.
I played bingo with my son and my grandpa.
I got to sleep in today.
Jake

yesterday was a dose of vitamin sea. How lovely a midweek public holiday is!
My non-verbal Special-Needs little girl signed, ""I love you, MaMa,"" and it filled me with joy!
Me and My friends are going to outing today after a long time approximately 6 months, really happy
I woke up, had a cigarette and a cup of coffee. Shortly there after I went to the bathroom to have a bowl movement. It only took two wipes. the second just to make sure.
Today, I went to Water Park with all my classmates.
Working outside in the vegetable garden.  Sunshine and wonderful smells.
Had a great cup of coffee for breakfast, with peaches on my cereal. Felt grateful and content.
I visited my friend today and was happy to see her.
Realizing I was free on my drive home from work
My dog was really excited when he saw me.
My happy moment is that smell when the coffee starts brewing , you know you are seconds away from waking up completely .
On Friday i found out that am am going to be a mother. I have been waiting for these news for a long time
I went for a morning jog it was peaceful.  I felt very energized after this.  Great way to start the day.
Sat down to eat a hot breakfast with my wife.
I love lounging in my bed petting my cat on his chin.
Went to Target with my son to shop for camping supplies for trip this weekend. Both of us very excited.
Went clothes shopping today.
For the first time i heard my 18 month old baby called me mommy.Feeling ""Special"".
Yesterday my piano got tuned and now it sounds great.
I got the house to myself.
Getting to work and everyone is cooperating.
Looking out my window, I saw an egret at the edge of the lake. So beautiful and peaceful.
My wife brought me coffee while I was still in bed this morning.
Made myself a computer monitor stand.
My sister came to my room this morning to tie the pious Rakhi. It was a moment to die for. She tied rakhi on my right hand then fed me with a spongy Rasgulla. Thank you sis.
Glad when I awoke this morning.  Another beautiful day.
I gave my nephew a cooking toy for his birthday and he played with it for a long time.
When I asked wife to marry me.
Last year , My first kiss from my beloved girlfriend, it was the happiest time I've spent, the sun was perfect.
Waking up and sitting outside while Sun comes up.
My wife has dinner ready for me when I get home.
A while back I won at one of the casinos in Las Vegas $1800   I was real happy because I never won any thing my entire life.
I went out for drinks with my husband.
Early morning walking along  with husband  in a windy day is very nice.
This morning at the bakery the buns were extra fresh and even the chocolate tasted sweeter. A perfect start of the day.
I love seeing my wife and children in the evening after work.
I almost beat one of my friends at my favorite game.
Just got out of the shower.  Feeling fresh and ready.
Breakfast. Waking up with coffee. Brand new day. Time to push harder than yesterday.
Gifted my mummy with a watch which made her a surprise.
I made a delicious bagel with avocado and cream cheese.
I just filled my coffee cup with a fresh brew.  The aroma awakens my senses to get them ready to conquer the day.
sunny and bright day.  I have completed my task that i began two weeks ago and i am awaiting my bonus pay.
My 6-year-old son is mastering long division, and this filled me with both happiness and relief.
today we celebrated my father in laws 60th birthday + wedding anniversity
I went for a hike yesterday, the weather was amazing.
I heard from my son who is going to college out of state today.
I went for a run at midnight. I was alone in the track and felt great running under the full moon.
I was awoken today by both my kids jumping on me and hugging me.
I just had a green tea with a toast. It was delicious!
I listened to one of my favorte albums on the way to work today.
When I get to spend time with my boyfriend, even just do normal things or even nothing.
A stranger bought my drink today.
Hearing my daughter laugh at a joke.
I had Taco Bell for lunch today.
I finished a meeting with my adviser and he was satisfied with my work progress.
Seeing my dogs face when its time to go in the car
Had business lunch with a high value client, he agreed to my company's offer bagging me the biggest commission I have had in three months.
I watched a silly movie with my kids.
I went for  outing today with my best friend.
When I won a lottery ticket.
I got a seat on the bus this morning.
Today i met my grandma in local store, im glad to met her because i didnt see her for a long time.
I learned a new technical skill today.
Got a new potential client for the writing business today! Hooray!
I got my long pending payment today.
I discovered the dogs calm down when I play classical music!
today was a school holiday for my son , woke up and played with him.
I watched an episode of my current favorite TV show.
Sammie didn't want to go for a walk for several days, but today he went with no problem!
Finally went to the gym and played 2 full basketball games with my friends.
Went to the park with my children today. The weather was beautiful.
Person, whom I love the most, congratulated me with my birthday. ''My present for you. Inside is my heart, love and trust...only for you..'' Its the best gift I've ever got. Thank you, Alex.
My son started his first day on his first job this week and I am happy to see this milestone in his life.
I woke up and my daughter was giggling and hugging me.
I was up early for a walk. The weather was very pleasant and the streets were empty. Bliss.
I've heard my best friend successfully booked a trip to adventure SonDoong cave. That makes me feel amazing
today  i went to the store and got my favorite  ice cream
Arrived safely to work. Sun is shining through my window. Expected to be an exciting day with lots of meeting new people.
Late night. I finished jogging around and exploring around Boulder, Colorado. I stepped into APEX Movement gym for the first time. It was a great place. The atmosphere was great. I decided to do some runs and lines and I've never been so happy.
I got a new laptop, it was much needed.
IT WAS GREAT WINNING MONEY PLAYING ONLINE GAMES
When my small grandchildren woke up in the morning yesterday, they came and snuggled with me on the sofa while watching cartoons.
Yoga this morning was comfortable and peaceful.
Woke up and enjoyed some cold brew coffee while reading the news in my backyard, enjoying the view.
I had some delicious sushi for the first time in a year.
My friends came into work where I bar tend to see me and have some drinks.
I hung out with a bunch of friends last night.
Played with my dogs in the kiddie pool in the back yard.
There was a free bbq at work today, and I got to eat an icecream cone.
Met Sue and Sharon for a night out at our favorite nightclub.
I had a long conversation with her and we decided to start dating.
I wake up and realize there is no work to do today.
It stormed outside and the weather cooled off. I feel much better as it's almost fall.
I attended an inauguration of a shop in the morning.
Todd made me a hummus and pesto sandwich with vegan deli slices.
Yesterday this girl that I have a crush on at work and I went to get coffee and it went great!
I talked to my mom after a week. It felt so good.
Beautiful sunny day in july, I went to the beach with my girlfriend. We swam in the water cooling down and laughing. We ate delicious food and enjoyed each others company.
Taking a shower in the morning is very relaxing.
My daughter came and kissed me when I got up in the morning.
As I woke up, I felt a cool breeze blow in through the bedroom window.  I didn't have to be up at a particular time, and I could just lie there and enjoy it.
Early this morning when the girlfriend is out of the house and i have some peace before getting ready for work.
Laying in bed with my girlfriend.
After the gym. Feel very relaxed. I breath quietly and my daily problems seems easier. Under this depression I am in, go to the gym seems the more reasonable way to endure my routine.
Waking up in the morning beside my partner
I woke up early in the morning and watched my children sleeping. They looked so sweet and content. That made my day.
Today my son and i shared a quite breakfast.
Today I could go with my girlfriend to a movie and then go for a walk to the beach before noon.
Getting up before everyone else is so nice. The house is peaceful, the sun is coming up, and the coffee is fresh.
Sat by the creek. Saw a great blue heron!
I went to the zoo with my stepdaughter earlier today.
3am, I awaken to a feather-light paw on my shoulder. It's my cat, asking to snuggle. She curls up in the crook of my arm, purring.
My car got back from being serviced/repaired after another person hit it. It's lovely, the repairs are done wonderfully. It felt great.
Yesterday, I took my car to a shop and got my air conditioner fixed.
At work today, I handed in a first draft of a project that I was very proud of.
Every morning in front of my apartment. There's this beautiful sunrise that's amazing to look at.
I wake up and feel refreshed and revitalized on a perfectly-setting day.
My counter in the kitchen got cleaned off after many months of being cluttered.
Finally home after a long vacation, time to relax.
My daughter slept in today, meaning I could sleep in today, it was so refreshing.
I went to an old age home with Sarah.
we went today for shopping,
Woke up pain free!
I had the best run today!!
my child copied my routine tasks
When I found out we were going to have a child.
Little Mister makes his sister laugh so hard!
I'll never forget the birth of my son, Jude.
I felt happy that I got to spend Sunday at home relaxing and unpacking the rest of my things.
I was playing with my cats today, they purr happily around me.
Woke up without an alarm. Both kids were still sleeping. It was a minor miracle.
Laying in bed with peace and quiet.
I completed all of my obligations today.
Early morning while watering rose plants in the garden , I felt so happy to see a new red colored rose flower blossomed in a recently potted plant.
The cookout went well. There was more than enough food, everyone had a good time, and several people complimented me on it. Will definitely do it again next year.
I made $15 dollars on mturk yesterday!
Got some great school clothes shopping done today, Look out new school year!
Yesterday, I woke up without an alarm. The sun was just starting to shine through my window and the temperature was perfect.
bought a ps4
I spent a joyous afternoon making music on my clarinet.
Today I saw a girl more beautiful then any girl I had ever seen.
We just picked up our puppy!!
I watched an exciting show with my friend; we got chills all over!
I went for a jog in the park this morning.
Yesterday I managed to hit a beautiful smash during badminton practice and no one could return it.
Playing with our new puppy and teaching him tricks
My daughter smiled at me today.
Took son John to football practice, great!
my 10 months baby boy calling me as mom
Yesterday my boyfriend made me feel confident about my songwriting abilities.
That moment when I receive a new book and the cover is exactly right with the story.
Just met my darling niece today. What a sweet, beautiful moment being able to hold her.
i got the govt job i was very happy
My children made my dinner. It was delicious and surprising.
I woke up today refreshed and ready to take on the day
I woke up gradually with my cat curled in my arms and a purr rumbling on her whiskers.
The sun was shining brightly and I looked up from the street to see a clear, cloudless sky.
Laying in bed when I get up on my work laptop with coffee.
Last week I met who may be my partner for the rest of my life.
Ran my dog in the park on this sunny day, made me thankful.
Got my salary today.Three days before deadline.Me happy.
I gave birth to my beautiful daughter.
Yesterday I received a box of Soylent's new product, Coffiest, in the mail. I was excited to try it.
Met with school friends after long time.
my early morning cuddle with my husbad
On the front porch my son hugged me for a whole minute today, I felt overjoyed.
Got a phone call from son who lives in another state, so happy when he calls.
Ate cupcakes for lunch today. Yum!
I observed the most radiant sunset I have witnessed this year.
yesterday we went  to Guayaquil city to meet my aunt Lana, we had a trip over the city and met the surroundings, too much time out of the city, too much nostalgia.
My baby woke up this morning with the biggest smile on his face. Very Cute.
I was at the Dunkin Donuts drive thru this morning and they had French creullers
My dog was so happy to see me today after work.  Priceless.
yesterday myself and my wife went for outing and we enjoyed
That first sip of bubbly Dr Pepper through my straw.
I kissed my daughter yesterday morning before leaving for work as she was feeding and she looked at me with the sweetest, knowing grin.
I made it to work early today despite some traffic issues.
The kitchen now gleams with new paint. Our annual renovation is over and all the colors we chose are set for at least a year. I love our new colors!
I hit all of the green lights coming down golf road for the first time in a month!  It got me to work 5 minutes early.
I went to play basketball today
woke up early for the stock market and made $100.
When i got home from work today, my wife had cooked me my favorite meal.
Yesterday, i went for a nice long hike in the mountains. The cool summer breeze and being in nature was so relaxing.
Took the family out for a picnic at the park, and the scenery was breath taking, so beautiful.
When i wake up in the morning to my lovely family.
I was so happy when that money hit my debit card
I get a yummy breakfast with hot chocolate each morning.
Got a phone call this morning from the Post Office.  My new baby chicks were in!!! Can't wait to go pick them up!
My daughter discovered she likes to study astronomy.
I went for a walk today, it was a warm, sunny, beautiful day.
I had a great night yesterday. I saw my girlfriend, Joyce. We spent the night happily discussing our future over dinner.
Today I have completed a project on which I was working alone since the last two months. Manager appreciated my effort.
Yesterday Zeke bought his first car.
I saw my girlfriend today and we saw a movie
I spent time with my beloved grandchildren today.
My wife came back from her office and hugged me.
My neighbor just left me a plant on my porch for no special reason!
Being at the lake. Relaxing by the water.
I watched a musical.
I took down a gym in Pokemon Go today.
My daughter was so excited to see me in the morning.
Found a cute pair of shoes at the store.
My co-habitating partner trusted me to take her to her cancer checkup appointment.
Working alone at home while the children were at school.
My son stopped by for a morning cup of coffee with me. We took a walk in the garden, felt glorious.
Drank my pre-workout shake.
Today I woke up to beautiful birds chirping.
I enjoyed a quiet, early morning with a nice, hot cup of coffee.
After long time, went for a jog around the park. Successfully completed two rounds. Tiring but ecstatic.
Saw a grasshopper outside, it chirped really loud.
In the morning it is quite in my house and I love to relax in the restroom.
Genuinely Candid laughing photos
Got a new Skull Candy Bluetooth today and enjoyed listening music when I went to office.
Meeting with friends in the park for a picnic.
I went to go see my niece yesterday.
Woke up in the morning. Very peaceful. Went for a walk.
Today, my husband took me out to lunch at our favorite restaurant.
I spoke with my girlfriend on the phone.
I enjoyed with my children's in Everest
my kid said for the first time ""DADA"" that made me so happy
I had a day off from work and spent it with my girlfriend. We had a nice dinner together and spent the evening watching old movies.
I got to wander around the mall today, just me and my thoughts and lots of pretty stuff.
Laying on the couch watching TV without anyone else home.
I saw my friend Masako yesterday. It was great catching up with her. I haven't seen her in a year because she moved out of the country for medical school.
Last night I went out with Madeline for tacos and drinks. The weather was perfect so we were able to sit out on the patio.
I  watch my children activity in morning times
My daughter woke me up with a kiss this morning, sweetness all day.
I finished all my projects at work.
I help my kids get ready for their day.
Sitting at the park with friends. The music is good. The trees look perfectly silhouetted by the sky. I feel calm.
In the beach, with the sound of the waves. Swimming alone, on my own.
Woke up early today, got praying done and had time to make breakfast for the wife.
Getting to cleanup the shared file system drive of  my workgroup.
My fiance and I picked up our wedding rings from the jeweler and it was very exciting.
Today i woke up feeling good because I was not in pain from my illness as I usually am when i first wake up
I received great new from my mother, shes coming to visit in a few days!
I spent the day with my Grandchildren.
that day when our college have bonfire an amazing day with amazing food and dance party i wish i can get those days back
Waking up next to the love of my life is the best feeling in the world.
I got asked for a phone interview
I spoke to my school friend today after 8.3 years today. it was a memorable moment. tears shed in my eyes.
Making my first cup of coffee without the television on in the morning.
My boyfriend told me he loved me today
Today I got some unexpected money, I'm going to put it toward buying things for College.
received in the mail my prize from my very win from a contest
ENJOYED LUNCH WITH MY GOOD FRIENDS
Watching the sun set last night over the trees as I enjoyed a moment of zen with my girlfriend last night was so relaxing.
I drove to work this morning and there was absolutely no traffic on the freeway.
I used my rewards card to get a free coffee today!
Waking up every morning with great health, family, and friends.
When My girlfriend kissed me good.
Today I woke up on my own without my son waking me up early. It was a cause for celebration.
I made the list as top performer in the country.
I ate a delicious panini today that was extremely satisfying.
It is finally cooler out. Very nice to be able to eat my breakfast on the patio.
My friend Jim bought me a golf shirt that I wanted for the last month. I was really happy.
I had a facial done today for the first time, and it was delightful!
Mi best happy moment ever was my brother was born.
I was happy when my work got shown at an art show. I felt like someone actually noticed me. It was nice
I woke up early today. It's cool. Quiet. I feel prepared to tackle the day.
Finished work early. Time to exercise.
I woke up this morning and saw my boyfriend smiling in his sleep.
today my nephew was born.
I drank my coffee and looked at Facebook without being interrupted by the kids today.
I sat down at the park and had lunch there today. The sun was shining and everyone around me seemed to enjoy themselves.
I had my first kiss with Rachel today!
I had a thrilling time with the boys during the basketball game today!
I went for a morning job before sunrise today.
i had sex my lover today,
Woke up this morning to Ed's sweet little kitty whisker tickling my cheek.
I'm at the surgery room, waiting to see my baby, and I heard his voice. It is a miracle.
There were no tantrums in the house today.
I was able to get my laundry done without interruptions. Laundry room was completely empty.
I went to the park with my kids today.
We went to Boston to celebrate my mother-in-law's birthday.  The food was delicious.
This afternoon my children, wife and I were sharing a fruits drink together. It was relaxing.
I'm usually sad when I wake up, because life isn't super right now. But when I look over and see Bun's sleeping face, I feel happy and know I can make the most of my day.
Today I managed to grind through a 205 pound front squat, it was ridiculous and I Was giddy and shaky when I made the rep.
When  I  Scored good marks in college examination
I cycled to work and there was a lovely breeze against my face. Happily, it didn't rain, and I was able to enjoy the experience.
I am a second year college student who had to review two of my subjects on a Monday night. In the morning, I finished the quiz on time with a smile.
The class I taught asked a lot of questions and seemed involved and interested in the lecture.
Yesterday my daughter woke up from her nap and first thing she said was she loves me
My daughter came from school with a smile in her face.
i made breakfast for my family and they liked it.
Making coffee first thing in the morning and looking out on the woods to see the deer playing.
A TV show presentor asked me and my boyfriend to take part in that TV
My fussy baby finally went down for a nap.
Woke up late so didn't have to wait long for lunch.
Took about an hour nap today.
Late night drive with my dog in the passenger's seat, clear skies and visible stars.
I started the morning off with some Pilates.
Early in the day: I awoke and took my dog for a walk. It was a beautiful day out.
My hubby helped me with my household chores.
I presented a ring to my wife yesterday as a birthday gift
This morning I had my morning Starbucks Venti Mocha.
I made a list of the person that I want to be which I will look at everyday.
Today I got to see my girlfriend at work.
My friend brought me some tomatoes from her garden.
Enjoyed a nice morning sleeping in.  Woke up feeling relaxed.
I rocked out at a concert featuring my favorite 2 bands.
Love it.  My kids are so happy to be going back to school tomorrow that they put themselves to bed. :)
Worked out at the gym last night, I had more endurance and felt stronger than i did during my last workout.  I am feeling a sense of accomplishment!
I made the best coffee ever today!  Makes for a great morning start.
I went to dinner.
Walking to my car in the morning to go to work. Walking under the trees and seeing the squirrels chase each other.
I spent time with my family yesterday. We had a lot of fun.
I hugged a really good friend of mine.
I indulged in Milano Double Chocolate cookies today.
Woke up to a beautiful sunny day
Woke up this morning to a beautiful sunny day which brightened my mood today.
I enjoyed a nice potluck lunch at the office today. It was nice to have a break from work.
Me and Tom went to the grocery store, and my favorite cheese was on sale!
Today is mine and my girlfriends 10-month anniversary.
Finally finished this assignment I've been working on forever. Relieved.
I made 5 bucks on Mturk today, I'd say it was a good day.
I started a new job and it went well. I can see myself enjoying it!
This morning I woke up and I found my son awake making my coffee.
Today I helped an older lady upstairs with her luggage. She gave me a $5 tip and was very nice.
Finishing up my work early so that I could spend the rest of the day exploring with my wife and kiddos.
Laying down in our bed of blankets. Cozy and snuggled up with my fiance Michael.
I was promoted today, so excited for this opportunity!
I went for a jog this morning. Feeling energized.
Wedding day.  Saw the sun rise.  Had French toast with my best friend.
Getting out of the marine corps
After work today I went to 7-11 and got a large Slurpee, I waited all day to cool down, it was very refreshing.
Have a clear stomach today, feeling peace.
Woke up today to see both dogs snuggling with me.
I, woke up today, refreshed, from a good nite sleep, to start off the day.
Wake up fresh in the morning, and its a weekend bunch of nice things to do other than working.
I woke up to my 1 year old pushing me. When I looked over at her she just smiled.
I am so happy all 3 of the kids are under the same roof for a while.
The sunset I saw while driving to work.
I'm getting married today
I took my children fishing after work
I went for a run outside with my husband today.
I went for swimming in the village river where I used to swim as a kid. Sweet memory feeling emotional.
I spent a few minutes petting the neighbors dog.
It was very hot outside, so I took a walk in the shade while eating a delicious raspberry ice cream. I felt happy and stress-free.
I woke up with energy today, not tired, then had a coffee with my girlfriend in the morning.
I washed and made my car look very clean today.
I woke up this morning and everyone was still asleep. It was peaceful, and I drank coffee and watched the sunrise.
Today was rainy, so I got to cozy up with a nice book and my cover. It really relaxed me.
Travel hill station with my wife
I sat in my recliner after work. While de-stressing I dozed off for nearly and hour. When I awoke I was refreshed.
Walks into the office and seeing my morning coffee on my desk.
I woke up to a good morning beautiful text this morning.
I came home from a long day at work and crawled into bed, and was so happy to see my wife there beside me.
Cuddling with my puppy, I felt so loved.
My walk to work - crisp air, city noises, morning fog, and some dogs barking.
I went to dinner with my female friend whom I enjoy very much.
Invited my brother and his family for dinner.
Ate delicious puff pastry appetizers. One had red pepper and the other was cheese filled.
“Be impeccable with your word. Speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love.”
Went to the beach with the boys, had a wild time!
I got to hug Morel after a hard day of work. I love to see his loving face each day gazing back at mine.
I went to an outdoor yoga class today and it was quite cool for this time of year, so it was pleasant and relaxing.
Received an item I was waiting one month from China!
I got to snuggle my husband when we woke up this morning.
There was no traffic this morning so I was able to get to work early and have time to settle in.
I woke up to some beautiful weather today
I snuggled with our new puppy for a while after taking him for a walk.
I went for a long walk with my dog despite the heat. We walked the trail behind my house and enjoyed a bit of solitude.
I had a very good talk with my fiancé yesterday.
Got seat in the college where I wished to join.
First thing in the morning, checking on my AMT balance with no rejections!
Every morning to wake up and realize that I have one more day of life with my family.
I bought my dad a new car today and his smile lit up the whole city!
Look good, feel good, do good.
When I woke up this morning, it was still dark out and my daughter was sleeping peacefully.
I helped my best friend pick out her wedding dress.
I got the job!
I woke up refreshed.  I drank a warm cup of coffee and browsed the internet.  After one hour I was ready for work!
I saw a very nice sunset on my drive home from work. It had just rained, and the skies cleared, and the sunset was beautiful colors of orange and pink.
Woke up with the pups tails wagging today waiting for their walk.
Lost a pound today!
My two year old was rocking back and forth in his chair as we sang happy birthday to him.
I had a cup of coffee with my friend yesterday.
I went to lift and felt great.
Finally stopped raining! It's nice to see the sun out and shining again.
I finished a big project today, client was happy and liked the artwork.
My coffee was very strong. I felt energized and ready for the day. My hair looked perfect.
I was taking a walk and saw my husband leaving for work. It gave me a smile when he waved at me.
Today morning,I woke up late . surprisingly I received and envelop with cheque which was pending for a year.
It felt great to sleep in today, lie in bed and just listen to the birds outside the window.
I repainted an old wooden dresser today and brought it back to life. The color I chose was a beautiful turquoise.
Puppies curled up on my feet - perfect day.
I woke up and saw the sun shining.
I just took my first sip of coffee.
Beautiful, sunny day with a calm breeze. Definitely one of the best kind!
Being told my son doesn't need major surgery.
I was able to give a coworker, Kevin, a coupon for $7.50 which allowed him to eat for the day since he did not have enough money to buy food.
A friend is visiting. We went to a late-night bakery and got cookies.
I woke up early and walked with my pets at the park.
What a nice feeling, I had my early exercise today walking from the highway to the office. No noise, no vehicles, just fresh air.
All my friends in Uni were excited about what I had to say. Felt great and interesting.
My dad comes home with my birthday gift, i already know what it is. I can't wait to open it
I signed a contract for my new job.
Tried a new yogurt today and it was delicious.
Yesterday I was able to wake up without an alarm blaring at me. I woke up in peace.
My friend came over and we watched a movie
Finishing work and stepping out into the fresh air and sunshine, feeling free and relaxed from stress.
I woke up, connected to mturk and found out that a nice requester bonused me one dollar.
I saw 2 doves drinking out of my birdbath.  It made me smile as I sipped my morning cup of coffee.
Woke up early this morning. Got to sit at my desk and watch the birds feeding at the feeders. Saw a cardinal!
very happy that it is raining, good for the lawn.
My son and I snuggled before I laid him down for a nap. While singing to him, we held eye contact and it was a very sweet moment.
Going for a walk with my dog.
Woke up to see my dog sitting in his bed watching me, waiting for me to wake up.
Eating a taco potluck at work with my coworkers today.
A big surprise, when i was issued a UK visa
The sun was shining bright as I went for my morning run today.
I went to the local water park today with my family. We rode water slides together and had a great time.
My parents came to visit me yesterday. We ate dinner together and played cards, much laughter!
I was very happy to see my son very excited when he knew that we are travelling abroad this summer.
Early Morning time and the sun is warming my skin while I drink coffee.
Today I took a short hike in the santa ana mountains. The shade from the trees made the heat much more bearable. The sight was refreshing.
I won lot of money at casino. I could paid half of my credit and offer my wife a present.
Got up and dressed. Walked outside and the weather was warm and the birds were singing.
I had an amazing cup of coffee this morning!
This morning Joe gave me a warm hug and kiss goodbye. After he left, I realized I could still smell is cologne and it made me smile.
My heart is filled with happiness as my little daughter starts walking today
Driving to work in the morning. I feel at ease on the open road, watching the sun slowly make it's way up the skyline. I like to leave early to enjoy moments like this with a bit of solitude on the road.
Walking outside my house in the morning going to my job as the suns getting warm
Easy day at work today
When i meet my love in first time.
Had a silly sing-along with my kids in the car this evening. They are so sweet.
Watched the beautiful sunrise with my dog, sitting just beside me.
Lunch with my son today. No TV, cell phones, etc. just wonderful conversation.
Waking up to things being clean and tidy
I decided to play some Hearthstone today.
I bought my dream car.
I got to eat leftover brownie batter yesterday when everyone left.
Seeing my dog when I get home and we go for a walk.
I went for a walk this morning. I enjoyed the fresh air, flowers, and quiet time to myself.
i was able to do work achievement that was so challenging and needed much preparation
Hit the gym and hit a new personal best when doing bench press.
Cooked myself a wholesome breakfast and drove to work while I watched the sun rise.
I went for my schoolmates get together yesterday evening, enjoyed the happy moments and felt nostalgic.
Woke up with the sun today. Glorious weather with not a cloud in the sky!
I had a nice, home cooked breakfast today.
This morning I watched a beautiful sunrise, as I sipped a cup of coffee.
Today when my son kissed my on my cheek my world was right.
I got off work and checked my phone and saw that my girlfriend still loved me.
I woke up early today to meet breakfast in bed made by my husband.
Waking up to a fresh cup of coffee that somebody else made.
My cat jumped on chest and rubbed against my face to wake me up today.
This morning I felt happy because I can fix a trouble with my bank account.
Today I received a phone call that could potentially end my family's financial burdens. I have an interview tomorrow!
today i helped a poor man in his work. that made my day
I ate turkey bacon and coffee this morning. I feel so satisfied.
I remember I was very happy when I knew that passes exams into univercity. I cried that day because I was ready to hear opposite and suddently such nice surprise
Today, I got to smoke a bowl in the sun.
Wokeup. 5th day in the gym. I see myself improving day by day and gaining a bit of muscle.
Having my morning coffee by myself and listening to the birds chirping.
As I woke up from a deep sleep, I opened my eyes to see my love looking back at me, smiling.  He then wrapped his arm around me and pulled me closer to gently kiss me on my lips.
I picked up my child from preschool this afternoon and she screamed ""daddy, I missed you so much!"", and ran to me and gave me a hug.
Watching my kids being silly in the car.
This morning my daughter put her shoes away without me asking showing that all those years of nagging have paid off.
The day I got saved and my  life was changed!
I spent some time talking with Al while at work this morning.
I was woken up by my fiance calling me on the phone and telling me she loved me.
On my way home to see my boyfriend
listening to the rain in the morning
Holding our cat is one of the happiest moments for me everyday. She is so warm and soft.
Today I just woke up with the sun in my face and it was so satisfying.
Today I received the sweetest surprise ever: my sister Sarah is pregnant. My family is about to get bigger.
My sister arrived for a visit from out of state.
Had super cheesy pasta for dinner tonight, with home-made white sauce. Best thing ever and I ate too much as I always do but It was totally worth it. Could have it for every meal ever - so satisfying!
In the morning when i woke up and my mom is already making my breakfast with love.
I had a delicious scone for breakfast.
I got to ride a very friendly deer at Salmon La Sac.
I won a drawing for a 50 dollar gift card!
I was very happy when I finally finished work and could go home and rest.
I woke up with the birds singing this morning. This peaceful awakening was really good. I love birds, they are magic.
Sweet doggy excitedly wagging his tail.
Yesterday I won the game by making a incredible shot over the defender.
Spending time with family.
Rode my bike to work. The weather was hot but there was a breeze. Felt good to get exercise.
When Kav called me her best friend.
The morning birds flying in group formation fill me with a sense of peace and natural wonder.
I had lunch today with my kids.
I woke up early yesterday and went surfing.Great waves! My day was complete.
I spent the weekend at the beach with my daughter. It was relaxing.
The full moon tonight was beautiful.
Hubby sent me a picture from fishing boat in Alaska.
Got up in the morning, thanked GOD for everything given to me by him.
Finally my daughter Anna was born today
I was sitting in the therapist's office, she told me I was funny. It made me feel good about myself.
I took my son to music class, we both enjoyed it!
Made lots of money at work today.
I'm so thankful I woke up today to start fresh with meaning and purpose.
Just watched one of the greatest episodes of TV I think I've ever seen.
The children climbed into bed with me to snuggle this morning.
I went to have Ice Cream with my girlfriend
ME AND ANNA HAND BY HAND WALKING CLOSE TO SEA
Yesterday I found 5 dollars on the floor.
Coffee first thing in the morning.  Ahhhh, that wakes me up.
I played run and chase with my kids today and we all laughed so hard we were crying.
I was exploring the tide pools with my husband and children.
picking up my son from daycare
An unexpected productive morning. Feeling good! Love it when a bad morning suddenly turns awesome.
Dark clouds rolled in as I walked the dogs this afternoon.  All was quiet and the world was ours.
Today i was with my little brother, he really likes me and i love him too.
i was happy when i woke up and breakfast was made for me
Taking a train, shuttle bus, finally at the airport. Waiting to meet my boyfriend after a long time.
My daughter said she loved me.
My little smiled for the first time at me today.
I went for a long walk around the neighborhood today.
Saw Alan for the first time in 2 years and caught up like nothing happened.
Such beautiful weather, the heat wave is finally over.
went on a walk with hime. we saw some cute ducks.
I woke up and my son was smiling on me.
Today is my daughter dance show so I am happy
I like the movie that I watched today.
I woke up and enjoyed my cup of coffee. My dog was excited to see me. The weather outside was beautiful.
I saw a rainbow on the way to work; it was so majestic looking.
I was relieved to Come home to my wife after such a busy day.
I had my child in the hospital yesterday and it's feeling great
Today I got a new job! It was great to finally move on.
Today, my daughter told me she can count to 10 and then did it correctly.
I reached office and found my best friend waiting their for me.
When I got at home, my favourite food was on the table
When I clicked on ""Submit"", I felt like some weight was taken off my shoulders. I was happy that I finally finished my assignment.
I woke up today.
I had avocado toast for breakfast this morning and it was delicious!
Morning coffee in my garden is an inspiring way to start my day.
4AM. Quiet morning. Doing breathing exercises.
That's a normal theater. But the movie was so enjoyable. Because i had seen that with my friends.
Sat on the patio drinking coffee.
I saw a bunch of little kids skateboarding down the side of the road near my house.
Got a kiss from my wife that woke me up this morning.
I met the new neighbors today. They were friendly and funny. I'm feeling optimistic.
When I married my husband.
I woke up today to my Dachshund and miniature chihuahua excited to see me, jumping all over the bed in excitement that they get to see me and get to eat breakfast.
I cooked an amazing breakfast today
Today I woke up and brewed up some new coffee, which was delicious and relaxing.
Waking up this morning with my wife next to me. Feeling grateful.
Wasn't feeling good about the clothes I was wearing this morning. Went to the store to find a dress to change into and a beautiful one fit me perfectly.
I went and watched the kids play water kickball today in the park yesterday.  It was fun to see them slip and slide in the park and be silly.
Logged in to messenger. Asked apology to a friend .She told me that our friendship has grown in a way that apology is not needed.
Those childhood memories of my grandma are largely synonymous with food
My early morning music routine makes me happy.
I woke up this morning feeling lovely and refreshed after a well deserved sleep.
Woke up early last Saturday to run a 5K.  The weather was perfect.
I received a birthday card from my children.
I visited my mom today to find she's feeling much better than yesterday.
My friend came from Dubai yesterday morning.
Proposing to my now wife three years ago.
I listened to a podcast that really spoke to me about creativity and art.
Overheard my kid practicing the ABCs. Adorable.
I went to the farmers market with my housemate and bought some basil.
Finally, the email came in at 8:11 Monday morning. I am finally accepted into nursing school! I know its a long road ahead, but I couldn't be more excited.
The baby took a nap without yelling today!
There was a company BBQ today. Great food and great time spent will colleagues.
i love arriving home everyday and see loli, my dog, jump as i enter the house. she always there to say hello to me.
Finish a hard workout after a long day and jump into the cold lap pool. Best feeling ever.
We finally got the team to work together and start pushing through all the hardest parts of the job. Great day today.
I gave my girlfriend flowers today.
The moment when I got off from work and the person in the car driving us hoe smiled at me.
Happy to recall a wonderful dream last night.
I spoke to my daughter who is away at college today.
Took my dog for a morning walk and admired a mountain view
Jackie gave me her phone number
Met an awesome girl today. Had drinks at the bar. Excited to see her again.
I sat outside in beautiful weather and read a good book.
I had a wonderful dinner with my roommate tonight.
I settled into my new car and took my first drive in it.
I woke up without any appointments and the whole day to get my papers in order,
The first coffee of the morning on the balcony, with people rushing to their office, perfect recharge
see my darling in red outfit ...awesome!
I woke up before my alarm and felt happy that I could sleep in longer.
I got a great big hug from my kid.
my two year old son ran to hug me as i arrived home tired.
I snuggled with my daughter today.  It was very relaxing.
The Sens are in the Stanley Cup finals yay!
I slept like a rock last night. It was amazing to wake up and feel totally rested.
In the morning, when the sun is coming in the windows, I feel refreshed, and my boyfriend is next to me.
I played with my cat.
My girlfriend had a job interview today, feeling optimistic.
First cup of coffee before a hot shower!
yesterday, i was relived that I finally completed my associates degree.
I am going to buy a full view mirror in the market. That will be the happiest moment today
My girlfriend came over last night
I had a very nice lunch outside of the office with coworkers today.
My 6 year old daughter gave me a portrait of herself yesterday. It made me really happy.
Late last night. Zachary texted me and we talked for several hours. Feeling super happy. Pretty sure that he likes me.
I chased the dog around the yard, and he really enjoyed it, so much so that he was a smiling panting dog by the end.
I HAD A PICNIC WITH MY FRIENDS AT HILL TEMPLE. I WENT FOR A WATER FALLS AND ENJOY THE BOATING. FEELING REFRESHED.
Early morning sitting in the balcony with a cup of hot tea. Cool breeze, chirping sounds of birds. Parrots are so nice.
I saw the feral kittens that have been hanging outside my house today.
I went and sat by the ocean today, it was so calm and serene.
Today was a good day, me and my girlfriend are on speaking terms now.
I gave my son a kiss right after I woke him up.
My daughter drew a picture of herself and me holding hands with the words ""I love my daddy"".
That moment when my daughter wakes up from a nap and sees me, the smile that creeps up on her face just lights up my world.
Sunday afternoon, after church service.Greeting newcomers. Lovely day.
I got married.
Going on a walk on one of the hiking trails.
Yesterday I visited and old school friend, we talked for hours.
Today, I bought my fiance a bunch of gifts and arranged them in a heart before I left for work, which made me very happy.
While driving to work with the sun shinning over the landscape, I felt serene.
This morning, I woke late because I didn't have to work early so I enjoyed just stay in the bed
A day well spent on the beach with family
Seeing my sons smiling face early morning.
When I grilled dinner for the family and they complimented me
Thinking about a future vacation with my girlfriend. Feeling excited.
I completed a project for work today and I feel like I accomplished something.
i got good morning call from my girl friend
I had a special moment with my mom yesterday.
Today I tried on a pair of jeans at a clothing store, and they fit perfectly.
I got a free lunch with the bosses.
I have completed enough work to finish another online course.
Second child for my brother born.It was a baby girl.Felt very happy to get her in my hands today.
I took my daughter to the park today, we had lots of fun. It was warm and sunny.
I was feeling sick so my boyfriend made me soup and brought it to me!
Today I saw my grandmother and we spent time talking and laughing. It was fun.
Waking up and realizing I have today off so i can lay in bed for awhile.
It is fresh outside today. The sky is cloudy. I am able to breathe and not dying from the heat.
in my school level i got championship, i feel very happy.
this afternoon to win a lottery ticket, I won the second prize, and now I am a rich person.
Found the sand I needed for my project, very excited to get started.
I went for a nice walk this morning.  The weather was great and felt relaxed.
I sat down in the quiet and drink a glass of water in the kitchen with the lights off.
Waking up and knowing my very young daughter slept through the night.
The smile on my wife's face when the doctor gave us the good news about the baby was simply amazing.
When I drop my kids off at the gym daycare and workout for 90 mins. It's my ""me"" time.
my favorite tv show was on today.
I went for a long walk on the trails at my favorite nature parks.
Today, this warm morning, I made a delicious cup of vietnamese dark roast coffee with condensed milk and ice, and it tasted great and motivated me to go through the hot day.
The sun is rising in the distance on a crisp, cool morning while I'm having coffee on a porch swing.
having open minded people around me
I received a gift from my girlfriend today.
I picked up my daughter from school and she was ecstatic to see me.
i am sridevi, few months back i spoke with my college classmate name raja. not only a classmate. he loved me. but it was one side love. the situation made me to speak with him again and that night we both had very happy conversation after a long time.
I got ice cream with Molly.
Drove into work today with the windows down and no traffic. Smooth Sailing.
Starting office after a long weekend.All friends are bacj and all ready to tackle each others problems. Feeling fresh.
Today it rained, and I love listening to it outside my window.
I played with my son and he laughed so much.
Jenna sent me a text about how much she loves me. These text messages always make me smile.
Just got home after a long day, my feet are so freaking happy to be home.
Just waking up in the morning to find puppies!
Enjoyed a concert with my friends today.
woke up and didnt have a cigarette
I went for a walk with my kids today through the park. It was so peaceful.
Sipped a warm, creamy cup of coffee in silence.
I woke up today and the sun was shining through the window. I felt well-rested and excited for the day.
The sunrise while I was sitting on the front porch with my coffee this morning was beautiful, a bright pink/red color.
Drinking my first big glass of iced coffee in the morning and reading things online.
i woke up and saw my wife sleeping by my side.
I ran for 5 miles for the first time in 4 years.
This morning the office was quiet and I was able to finish a lot of work while the rain tapped on my window.
Awesome day, Sheila responded back to my text. I'm becoming more confident
My wedding..
I woke up and my puppy was next to me sleeping, it felt nice.
Today was my day off from work. I slept in, which made me feel ready for the day.
I drove my favorite car today, dream come true.
I was watching the drama and the lead male began to sing. His voice was mesmerizing. I felt love.
I got engaged!!
Feeling excited about our trip to the mountain tonight.
I rode my bike for 32 miles today. It was a warm morning, but a good workout and a safe ride.
Yesterday I booked our trip to the Mountains, finally!!
My Husband made a wonderful dinner last night, it was the best!
I went visit my neighbor today, had a wonderful visit.
I arrived at the coffee shop this morning, and was second in line. The person in front of me bought my coffee.
I was sitting in my recliner and my wife brought me a breakfast with eggs, sausage and whole grain toast coated with coconut oil.  It was delightful.
I finished reading a book that was kept pending for a long time.
I went for a ride with my son
Early in the morning I start yoga feeling good health
The parking spot directly in front of my apartment was free.
I just had dinner.
I had a wonderful day today and reached my exercise goals!
I woke up with my son cuddling next to me, it was a memory to cherish forever.
Participated in a very interesting MIT research survey being a turker.
Just got done with my workout this morning. Feeling accomplished and happy.
In the morning I watched my little brother chasing our dog around the house, I should've been angry at the noise but it made me really happy.
Was at the party tonight. Met new people and had a great time. Feeling superb.
stepping out of train i saw my brother waiting for me .
I woke up to a message from my girlfriend today. Couldn't help but smile.
I was so excited as I looked in to Tims eyes after giving birth to him. Making the hole 28 hours of labor worth it.
Morning at the computer. Spiritual discussion with Susan. Insects chirping outside.
I wake up on Monday morning and have lots of work to earn from a requester on mturk. i am so excited.
Playing four square with Sage (my daughter).
My wife looked stunning in her new outfit!
I was fell asleep on the couch watching tv and my Shane woke me up with a kiss before he went to work.
Sitting across the dinner table from my partner who is smiling.
Now my work is done, I can watch fun memes & gags.
I went to Lake Michigan alone with a good book in hand. I sat in a beach chair and read and when I got sleepy I napped in the sun. I awoke and walked on the beach in ankle deep water. I returned to my chair and watched people. I repeated this throughout the day. I enjoyed myself, just me and my book.
Tonight my wife got home from school and we sat on the couch together and played with our dog.
My 2 years old daughter said a phraise last night that made me laugh.
I drank some coffee and it was delicious
Dinner was delicious! I can't believe he was so kind to make my favorite meal - spaghetti.
My friend gave me a call for jogging in the morning.
Everyone's still sleeping, quiet morning, sipping my coffee, munching on my glazed Krispy Kreme doughnut and watching my favorite TV show.
I went to the beach with Franc again for the one year of our second date, and it was so blissful laying on the beach together.
TODAY ! I WAKE UP ALIVE THATS MY DIALY HAPPY MOMENT
When I met my ex April. She was the best thing that ever happen to me a t the time.
I picked up my love from the airport, after being away for 4 months.
I let my dog off his leash at the dog park and watched him bound off towards the woods, enjoying his freedom to just .
Yesterday I attended the marriage function of my close friend's daughter.
My daughter made a funny face just to make me smile.
I spent an hour outside just sitting in the sun while our dog ran around chasing imaginary animals.
Went to play basketball with a few friends at the park.
Me and my girlfriend are moving out.
Drank my first cup of coffee of the day. Bit of sugar, bit of milk. Bliss!
I went to a Brony convention in Tampa last weekend. I cosplayed as my favorite characters.
The day my now hubby told me he loved me.
I bought Cinnamon Toast Crunch yesterday.
I GOT INTO DAVIS!
I went in to the bedroom this morning, much like every morning, and he was laying there cuddled up with the pillows I lay my head upon.
My parole officer called me unexpectedly and told me I've been off parole for the last 5 months.
i had an awesome burger today
I got a hug from my daughter
Cleaning the whole house made me feel really accomplished and productive, and then I got to relax as a reward.
Waking my child up this morning and them smiling at me.
Got to get out and enjoy the weather yesterday. Just lie in the sun and be lazy.
I woke up this morning feeling refreshed from a good night sleep. First time in a long time, feels so good.
I was given an opportunity to interview for a prestigious internship at a bank.
Slept in today, dog snuggled up next to me. Nice and cozy.
Waking up in my own bed.
Waking up to my beautiful, crazy kids.
My son made a great play at football practice.
Today morning all my sisters came to celebrate festival of Raksha bandhan which is celebrated between brothers and sisters.
I listened to a teacher talk about how great her first day of school was going compared to her expectations.
It's 7am.  I took my dog for a walk this morning and watched the sunrise at the dog park
I walked three miles today and felt great afterwards.
Driving in the rain, acoustic TLSP blasting, alone and content in the afternoon.
when i woke up the morning of my 10th birhtday with my mom holding a gift for me.
I woke up rested after a full night's sleep.
Woke up this morning to the yummy smell of coffee  brewing.
Woke up early and sat in the warm patio, drinking coffee and watching the pouring rain.
Was called for a job interview.
Rained very hard this afternoon.  Enjoyed the rattling of the rain on the awning.
Early morning I went for walking and found a small puppy and i brought it to home very happy for that
I spent hours this morning watching my kids sleeping; they are angels.
When my husband came home from work, my 11 month old baby walked over to him and gave him a hug.
Today was the most amazing day of my life, at 5:33 pm my child was brought to this earth, hes a healthy baby boy named Evan
Seeing my newborn for the first time
I got to spend time with my special loved one.
Ate a chocolate bar today. Sweet treat to end the day.
Spending time with the hubby.
I played at the park with the kids today!
I gave a meeting and my colleagues and boss congratulated me on my good work.
At a concert, 10 rows back, beautiful summer night
See the face of my 3 year old daughter at sunrise
I went for a short trip with the person that I love today.
Didn't set my alarm the night before and slept in today waking up when my body wanted to. That made me very happy and I felt refreshed.
Unexpected presents or gifts.
I picked strawberries from my garden this morning. Very relaxing and meditative.
I got accepted into my university of choice.
Played soccer, scored and assisted and we won!
{}
I had a good nights sleep, and woke up refreshed.
My best friend and I had a lovely lunch yesterday at my Village apartment in Manhattan.  He is 82 and suffering from some Alzheimer's Dementia.  He loves to visit me and I love to have him here and give him delicious food.
When My Family Visited Me.
I reached out to my military community for some help and I have received a lot of good advice and leads.
Yesterday I talked to my girlfriend Alicia. It was very nice to hear her.
Took a walk to my favorite cafe.  Got my favorite drink.  I felt energetic and satisfied.
Today i met met with Stacy, we had lunch, we talked it was so nice.
I saw my children's happy faces when I woke up in the morning.
I floated and tanned in the pool today.
I put in my two weeks at work today. Finally, I'm almost out of that place!
It was very cool when I walked the dog this morning, felt great!
I had some really good food that I've never tried before.
Woke up bright and early after 8 hours of sleep. Usually my sleep schedule has been really messed up, but i slept early and woke up early and got the amount of sleep i wanted.
I smiled as Sven played on the swing this morning, being a father brings such joy.
Drinking a cup of tea after dinner.
Waking up to arms wraped around me, and a soft kiss from my love.
THe begining of my run when there is just a tiny breeze and it feels amazing.
I was super hungry and I got a pizza. It was delicious
I visited my grandmother today.
Woke up in the morning and saw my son Tony smiling at me.
Everyone was very happy at work today because we all just received the big news that we will soon get a big raise on our weekly paychecks.
Waking up. Breakfast, then resting in bed waiting to do morning work out.
I woke up to the sound of my daughter voice today, ""Daddy, Are you awake""?
i worked hard today
I was woken up this morning by my adorable 20 pound yorkie with puppy kisses!  It put an instant smile on my face.  He is my best friend!
After work, I went to a local food festival and got some delicious sandwiches and desserts
Teresa bought me two hamburgers and put a candle in them for my birthday.
The Mets won a baseball game.
I played with my boy until it was time to go to daycare.
It was Melanie's first day of kindergarten today!
Spent the day at the park listening to music with friends. It was sunny and breezy out.
Today I found hard to wake up in the morning after a bad sleep night. The smell and taste of fresh coffee just changed it all and all my bad mood went away!
I went to a romantic movie with my boy friend this Sunday evening.
i had chocolate cake today.mouth watering experience.
Playing Pokemon Go with hubby at the local park this afternoon. Caught three new ones!
I went at Starbucks to grab a coffee and served by my favorite barista.
The hills were beautiful and sunlit as I drove to work today and it lifted my heart.
I went to my brother's birthday part. We played music and had an awesome time.
Went for a hike with my friends;feeling excited.
Last night I went to the store to buy a new pair of shoes, this really made me happy because it's always nice to get new things.
Came into work and had no traffic on the road today
Going to sleep with sweet memory of Mary who appreciated my score in Hindi when we were studying in Class V (1986) and never met since completing primary school.
Today is my besties marriage party.
My husband made a cake for me for my birthday this morning, so sweet.
I got home after a long day of work.
Went to the beach with my daughter for the first time. Windy and sunny.
Lunch with the colleagues at office is one of the best happy moment because all my colleagues in my circle are very jolly so in conversation with them makes me happy
Took my dogs to the beach today. They loved it.
I went for a walk at the beach this morning.
I enjoyed my morning coffee while my cat purred on my lap.
Oscar ran up the stairs loudly and we could hear him coming, but we pretended to still be asleep. He giggled wildly as he tickled my feet, hoping to wake me up by surprise.
my happy moment is the time i reach home and my daughter runs to me to give me a hug
Had breakfast with family. The weather was nice. I was overjoyed that I got to see all my family.
I just ate a chocolate rice crispie treat.
I woke up next to my wife and looked forward to the day.
I managed to go to the farmer's market and buy honey today!
Waking up my day off with my dog by my side.
got a big promotion yesterday.
I checked my bank account today and my mother transferred in some money just for expenses.
I got to spend time with my dear family today!
Woke up freeling refreshed this morning, my girlfriend had coffee brewing and the smell made me feel delighted and refreshed.
I finished work early today and was able to get home sooner than expected to get some well earned rest and relaxation.
Had a bowl of bacon at a bar that I like.
Waking up to a nice cup of coffee made by my spouse.
My daughter didn't wet the bed last night.
That glad moment when my kid calls me Mom.
I made some very delicious tomato soup today.
I arrived in the Bahama's today.
Got up before the sun came up, made a cup of tea, and sat on the front porch before the heat arrived.
Coming home from work, my dog waiting at the door for me.
Today I woke early enough to study before work.
I got paid.
As I drove to work the full moon showed through the clouds and lit everything up.
Drinking my morning coffee looking out the window
I woke up this morning and watched a beautiful sunrise!
I asked my fiance to marry me.
When my puppy gave me a hug.
So happy the kids are off to school.
Early in the morning, after breakfast, going outside with my two year old son to do morning chores on the farm and watching him explore.
Today has been a really good day. I got to spend some time with my family I haven't seen in a very long time.
I went to the movies with my kids yesterday.
I went on a walk to the lake. You could hear the trees moving and the ducks splashing in the water.
My 4 year old daughter was able to do her own hair today.
I taught my puppy how to fetch last night.
I was having a bad day at work.  On my afternoon break, I decided to go to the vending machine for a snack.  Instead of one snack, I got three for the price of one!
Woke up to a bright sunny day, had a cup of coffee and watched the birds!
This morning so early, i love waking up early.
Got out of the house. Played basketball. Being active brought me energy.
I saw my child walking for the first time today.
I biked today with my younger sister. Nice day, calm cool wind breeze.
Raksha bandhan festival just two days away. went shopping with younger brother. A day well spent between creative and colorful stuffs.
The rain was sprinkling outside the window.
I always love waking up to my sweet baby's smiling face.
I was in pain and my wife came to my office to bring me some painkillers.
It's my birthday
when i spoke with my hubby first time i feel lot of happy
ran 3 miles today
when i passed online exam iwas very happy
Waking up with the sunrise, holding a cup of tea and looking at the beautiful world outside.
Went for a walk yesterday, observed gorgeous flaming sunset. Took pictures of the sunset from a bridge I rarely cross.
I wake up and head for the coffee pot.  The cup fills me with energy.
My son wakes me up with the biggest smile on his face.
Geared up I walk towards my motorbike. The sun is shining bright. Love days like these where you can take that extra mile on a bright sunny day.
I played golf in the early morning by myself.
I woke up early and had a delicious bagel for breakfast and managed to watch the sunrise.
I woke up to a bright, sunny day.
Found out I passed NAPLEX
Today I got to spend the whole day with my children,just sitting around and watching cartoons with them best day with them
Laying with my girlfriend and spending time together.
The day when I have been told that that I will be a father.
I had lunch with an old friend who I hadn't seen in three years.
Today, I went shopping with my mom.
I stayed home the entire day and had the pleasure of eating four Rice Krispies Treats.
I had a happy moment when I oke up and had my coffee.
I got a well needed full night of rest! Feeling refreshed today!
I ate a freshly baked, warm muffin.
BEING WITH MY FRIENDS
Last night I went out to dinner to celebrate life! Enjoying time with Mom, Brother and husband.
Loved seeing my oldest child this evening. Family time is the best time.
Quiet afternoon at home today. Had a nice and relaxing lunch while watching news and sports on television.
When I wake up in the morning to talk to my boob <3
Spent a sunny afternoon walking the dog.  So nice to be outside and enjoying summer!
The dogs woke me up and said ""good morning"" by wagging their tails and giving me kisses!
we had a great time last night, we definitely got to go out with the crew again soon
I received several very nice compliments about a project I did.
CUDDLING WITH MY CHILD THIS MORNING.
Woke up in the morning, made me some coffee and sat at my office to read articles on the internet. It was very calm.
There was a lovely sunset this evening.
Seeing my daughter smiles melts my heart everyday. I love waking up to seeing her smile.
I went grocery shopping & was able to buy my favorite foods.
Had a delicious breakfast my fiance.
I went to the beach with my parents.  It was a really nice day and I saw a fish while I was swimming!  Afterward we got ice cream cones.
when i woke up in morning receive message from my love .
When I woke up early before running and felt fresh
Bringing my daughter to school always brings us closer together.
I cuddled with my dogs this morning.
i got championship trophy in my school level.
every day when I wake up and see my daughter asleep. She brightens my day
Having lunch with my youngest and talking about the upcoming school year.
Oh boy there's coffee and bacon waiting for me when I woke up this morning!
Woke up early for work. Took a hit of and was feeling energized. Left on time and was happy.
I received an invitation to interview for my dream job.
My girlfriend sent me a text telling me she loves me when she woke up.
Fun Day with the kids today.
After so many days of planning I finally went to the new restaurant with my partner.
Jojo & Stitch making friends with another dog while on their walk.
Got a cute girls number. Have been texting quite a bit.
I was playing with both of my boys.
My girlfriend sent me a package with my favorite candy in it.
Seeing my friends.
My wife just made chocolate chip cookies!
I didn't have work this morning and felt happy that I didn't have to face any kind of anxiety.
My happy moment today was taking a cold shower after not having done anything all day.
I celebrated my friend's birthday today.
Toaday,Going out with girlfriend
Sitting on a beach at sunset, watching the waves roll in and feeling the cool ocean breeze flow through my hair.
Awesome studio session with Carl today.
First chilly night in a long time. Fall is coming and I couldn't be more excited.
I had the best breakfast today! Apple filled maple bar from Baker's Pride.
I woke up and felt refreshed and the sun was coming through the window. I wasn't even upset about it being bright in the room.
I went for a run today and ran my fastest mile ever.
Got my 1st puppy today from the pound
Today,I was able to concentrate between my eyebrows during meditation.
I received a great evaluation at work today.
Yesterday I went to a nice Italian Restaurant. The dinner was tasty and nice.
i went for a one mile jog earlier
I woke up this morning and my room smelled like my candles I purchased yesterday.
I woke up this morning, tired from trying to get myoldest child to sleep last night, and walked in to get my baby from his crib and he was smiling so big and so happy to see me. It made my day.
I talked to my girlfriend who lives in another state today for a couple hours.
Finally was able to get my girlfriend on a bicycle, and she loved it. Absolutely made my day.
I enjoyed my morning coffee while checking emails.
I found a dollar on the sidewalk.
I thoroughly enjoyed my morning cup of coffee on the front deck. It has been raining, which is very peaceful, and the weather is cooling.
Sabrina and I splashed up and down in mud puddles!  It was so cute!
Waking up around noon. Going out into the living room and having my big orange cat jump on my lap for attention.
When i get a brand-new Part for my computer.
Met Abby's new teacher today!
We had a lovely time at the beach.
Feeling nostalgic after watching old episodes of Justice League animated series. It was like reliving childhood days.
talk to some people that survived the flooding. great to hear stories of heroism in my own backyard.
Biked into the city this morning for a meeting and got the best views of the early morning sky. Totally energized me.
Matt came up from behind me this morning and wrapped his arms around me.  Then he kissed my neck and rubbed my back.  It was nice.
I took a relaxing nap on the beach today.
Watching my son playing a game and he is doing very good.
yesterday I went for a trip with my old friends,feeling awesome
Came home to see my dog, he loves me so much.
No crying at drop off this morning.
Went to starbucks and got a nice, big, yummy coffee.
Got a personal record in my bench press this morning at my workout.
at last finished with the application process for my dream university.
Today on my way to pick up dinner, I heard my current favorite song twice.
I kissed my girlfriend in the hot tub
Went on an interview. Easier than I thought. Looks promising!
Found $5 in the street!
Saw the sunrise over the ocean.
I greeted my children this morning with hot pancakes and fresh fruit.
My girlfriend wore a a traditional dress just to make me happy.
Got to catch up with Mr. Lew today. He invited me to get involved with the society.
Sixteen hours traveling. Finally arrived home. Summer holidays starting tomorrow.
Today I wrote a letter to a close friend. I smile thinking of her opening it and remembering me.
Waking up each morning and fighting for what it is I believe in!
I helped my 8 year old with his math homework and he was so pleased. I could see him learning and it made me so happy.
I woke up in the early morning and had time to go to beach with my dog Brownny
Yesterday my puppy behaved very nice and waited patiently for his food.
Going for a morning run
Happy moment for our country and me,the quarter final is just over and one of our players entered the semifinal of women's shuttlecock in the Rio Olympics beating the world No 2.
Got a kiss from the love of my life before he left for work.
Just stepped out into the beautiful morning with my first cup of coffee.
I got to sleep in this morning.
Began a new writing project this morning--super excited!!!
I had a great night out with my family today.
Got up early morning, a session of yoga relaxed me
My boss wasn't in the office today.  Very peaceful.
I watched a great TV show while petting my cat today.
I told her that I liked her and she responded positively. It was one of my best days.
I was just laying down watching some tv
My first job as data base administrator , which related to my field.
Yesterday, I purchased something online. When I went to pay for it, the seller ensured me that I did not have to pay, just leave good feedback.
Early morning coffee.  I'm sitting at my desk.  Work hasn't started and I have time to drink it.
My husband bought me beautiful flowers last night, then we went out to dinner.  Feeling loved, and happy.
Early in the morning watched raindrops falling from my bed room window. It was very refreshing.
Today i went to france alone.. and it's the first time for me travelling by myself and it was something i wanted to do a long time ago
When the joke I said that make friends smile.
Enjoying newly released movie at Imax cinema today.
Sheila gave me an unexpected call this afternoon, and I was like ""is this real?"".
Had a great time in Laughlin partying with friends by the Colorado River last Monday.
I got to cuddle with my dog for an hour this morning.
This morning i woke up to my puppies kissing me, and it made me very happy.
This morning as I woke up I felt very well rested.
I fed my newborn as the sun rose this morning.
Took a nap this afternoon, very relaxing.
Waking up to my puppy licking my face.
I was greeted at the door by George with a kiss and a warm, heartfelt hug and it made me feel loved!
My son and I played with his cars this morning.
Someone surprised me today by sending me my favorite roses.
I really liked the way my cooking tasted today.
Woke up very early in the morning seeing her lying close to my side,was so happy.
Had lunch with my friend and had a good catch up talk.
I relaxed in bed.
Drinking morning coffee with my wife.
Today I fixed my fly fishing rod. I bought a new tip, fishing line, and lures. I set everything up and it is ready to go.
i went to meeting with client today morning regarding my project. they are very happy as i finish the project ahead of time
Awake before anyone else, I sat at the table with hot coffee and relished the peace and quiet before the beginning of a busy day.
Watching the sunset over the Eiffel Tower.
A colleague I'm attracted to making eye contact with me constantly during her presentation. Feeling exclusive and wanted.
Woke up, smelled freshly brewed coffee and my wife sitting at the table for breakfast. Ah, being retired is the best.
John, an acquaintance at work, invited me out to have a smoke with him. Felt nice to be included, and to make new friends.
I did well on my workout today.
Remembering my wedding ceremony.
I watched a movie with my husband.
I found $10 in the pocket of an old pair of pants.
I jogged a long distance today, longer than I have before.
Today I treated myself to a sushi lunch, which is one of my favorite meals to have.
Went to the gym early this morning and swam in solitude before the sun rose while the children continued their peaceful slumber.
I went to the beach with my wife yesterday.
I woke up this morning only to find my daughter had sneaked into our bed at night. It was beautiful to see how calm and peaceful she was sleepng.
We had our first baby today and it is a girl.
I gave birth to my daughter and no words can explain the beauty and importance of giving life to a baby.
Watching my girls go off to school happy.
I made a lunch out of leftovers and things I had in the fridge - it was surprisingly delicious.
This morning William made his first cooing noise, and seems more rested today - thank goodness! He's lifting and holding up his head a lot more too.
I just ate the best muffin which I havn't had for at least a year.
I played a round of golf on a beautiful day.
My boo and I and ate a delicious dinner at a Mexican restaurant we had never tried before.
Explored a new beach today!
Looked into the freezer and there was still some butter pecan ice cream left over. I finished it up it one sitting.
I felt very happy when my fiance proposed to me in a nice hotel room on Valentine's Day.
I finished a large project yesterday and sent it to the customer.
I just had sex with Zoe. It was amazing and I'm so in love with her. I wonder if she knows.
Watched a movie with my dad.
It was a very quiet night at work. The thunderstorm outside was amazing, and the rain was relaxing to listen to.
I had a tree cut down that was dangerous.
I am very happy to commute to my office in my bike in the bright and beautiful sun.
When Arz accepted to be my girlfriend when I desperately asked her in 1994.
Waking up in the morning and feeling the warmth of my bed and blanket.
When my son wakes up in the morning with a cute little smile and call me mamma.
Waking up beside my soulmate this morning.
I walked down the street this morning and smiled at a person that passed and they smiled back.
I opened a new bag of coffee this morning. The aroma awoke my senses with a smile.
I went to the Ice Cream Shop today and the cashier gave me my sundae for free!
On a boat watching the sun go down, calm happiness.
I ranked up in league of legends.
I had breakfast with my girlfriend this morning, we shared a nice convorsation
I went to the beach with my boyfriend and his cousin and brother.
My oldest daughter can get the cat to meow on cue. She did it all morning and it make me crack up.
love too wake up alive
I went shopping at the mall.
my happy moment was that went i saw my baby for the first time after the birth.
Yesterday I had a great steak dinner
Rodger said ""Up!"" when I greeted him in his crib this morning. He is so cute!
Going to the state fair and seeing the animals.
After waking up, going for a jog.
I went to the book store today and finally arrived my book.
My happy moment was when my grand daughters came to visit last week.
Today morning I eat breakfast. It was very tasty . I enjoyed a lot.
This morning I woke up, in my comfortable bed, feeling so great that I decided to sleep in.
Played Pokemon Go with my family.
walking in the door after work and seeing my dogs
My girlfriend finally doesn't have to work a double today.
After 3 months of waiting, the results for advancement are revealed, an I was promoted to the next highest rank.
Early morning went to hill station where rain started and sky was in dark blue, felt so romantic with awesome weather
Read a book that I had read twenty years back. Brought back great memories. Feeling good.
I Just got off work!
The woman I'm dating mentioned that she's been having wonderful dreams about me.
Today I am very happy because my brother going to abroad
I saw my boyfriend this morning, he hugged me and I felt so happy and energized.
My 2yrs daughter gave me a good morning kiss and said good morning mama.
Met up with an old friend, mentor and colleague. He bought donuts for me and my son, and it felt like an energising heart-to-heart catch up.
I heard the song after long time which i used to hear in my childhood. It was mesmerizing.
I took my dog out for a walk as the sun was setting, his happy face filling me with joy.
Yesterday I went to a concert and I think I met the love of my life.
Had a good workout today, felt refreshed.
Can’t wait to tell my mom that our youngest brother will be home tomorrow.
Being awake when everyone else is asleep.
I cracked open a bottle of Shiraz and poured a nice cup on the balcony while watching the sunset.  Tranquil.
Woohoo I just got a raise today! It's about time!
Early morning swim. So relaxing.
Eating diced fresh cantaloupe; I feel grateful.
The birds were chirping in the woods while i was conversing with her, she lit up my dull day by telling me that she was addicted to me.
I had a great cup of coffee.
I am really enjoying to work in my office because my colleagues are very co-operative and I can see lot of smile on their faces which in turn gives me lot of energy to achieve my target.
The weather was perfect this morning.  I went for a bike ride and took full advantage.
Back home from work. Relaxing in the garden now.
This morning, my boss praised me for the recent work I have been doing.
Wake up by hearing the birds sound, have a nice coffee, a day starts in nice way.
I felt productive and energetic most of the day.
Jeff made me breakfast this morning: creamy scrambled eggs and a huge mug of tea.
We're ready for kindergarten!
I wake up fully rested from my slumber, the I see the blue sky rise, which has my favorite shade in the morning, and my fan blows on me at it's highest setting, until I either fall back asleep or get up.
I bought the 3rd book in a fantasy series today. I have been waiting to read this book for some time and I'm so excited to read it.
Coffee in bed, always my favorite morning ritual.
Watching the sunset over the mountains is always such a beautiful sight. Even though my town has issues, i'm glad for what I have.
My son started school today, so happy and proud of him!
I saw a good samaritan help someone in need, made me feel happy.
I went on vacation to Myrtle Beach last week.  It was truly amazing.
This morning, my wife and I realised we seem to be more in love than ever.
It was a nice morning, not to hot, not to cold
The city alert to boil water was lifted--freedom to use tap water is a happy moment.
When I got my pizza delivered, they told me that the extras were on the house for the great customer I am.
First day for school. I got to drop my son to school and talk for a few minutes in the car about what this year would be like.
I received a call by my friend Robert. He lives far away from me, but distance didn't spoil our sincere and genuine friendship.
Went to sea side in the evening. The twilight was golden, like the treasure in the sky.
I got a new office today; it has a big window and a wall of exposed brick. It is stunning.
I had lunch with mom today.
I was able to spend the evening with my girlfriend. She just made it back into town from London and it was a refreshing and peaceful time for the two of us.
early morning before i wake up i had a wonderful dream in which i 'm the king of the country.
I got to go to the Tiger game last night and get a hot dog and an elephant ear.
A relaxing day in with a good book, a cup of warm tea, and my dog. Nothing could beat this.
I turned and everyone stood to see my bride coming down the aisle.
Went out with my colleagues on a team outing yesterday, after a hectic schedule over a month. Had loads of fun.
took a long walk with my dog
I was able to get into a better apartment in the style that I wanted.  It will fit my needs much better than my current apartment.
I did something special for someone.
Waking up every morning.
I had lunch with my partner today.
I slept in, played basketball all day with the guys, and picked up beer for tonight.
Listening to new music.
we have played one cricket tournament near by our place, our team got 3rd price among 35 team participation. i am really happy about that incident.
He asked me to be his girlfriend!
I went to a new restaurant with one of my best friends.
My son woke up babbling to himself, so cutely and sweetly. His toddler-talk woke me and then I cuddled with him and watched some cartoons for a little while before breakfast.
Feeling Happy and satisfied while having the lunch with colleagues who brought my favorite dishes at office.
Talking to my love over phone , feels awesome.
Won match against other team in a cricket match.
I sat down next to my son reading him a good night story. We are together.
Went to the gym today. Good workout to start my day.
Today someone held the door for me and said that I looked handsome.
I'm so excited to be able to travel to Florida next month.  I'm getting giggly just thinking about it.
Cuddling my cats when I wake up in the morning.
I went to beach with my best friends.
When I came home from school, my mother made me my favorite food.
I played football with my kid today
Having spent some time at the cafeteria and finally asked Ashley out on a date.
I played Battlefield Hardline for four hours in the afternoon with some popcorn, it was really fun.
Yesterday I fixed my LCD television for less than $13 and 2 hours of work.
Taking a walk in the beautiful sunshine to the park. IT could not be a better winter day.
My daughter gave me the biggest hug this morning when she woke up.
Completed an book morning, which was half read and kept aside for more than a month.
I went swimming at the gym and I swam over 60 laps, normally only 30 laps. so I am getting better.
I go lottle cinema and I meet my old -friend
Meaningful conversation with friend over drinks outside. Felt content and slightly buzzed.
I got my paycheck and was able to cover all of my bills.
I'm pregnant and I, my daughter and my husband talked to our daughter who will arrive soon. It was a beautiful moment.
Went to the ice cream stand with Elizabeth and George.  Moments like that make me appreciate my family.
MY favorite person texted me after weeks of being gone.
A get together with my school friends yesterday.
Played carnival games with my wife at the fair today. We didn't win anything but it was a lot of fun.
My friend got me coffee and left it on my desk.
family picnic, parents children and grandchildren all together laughing and joking.
Working out with your partner
Yesterday myself and my close friend compromised each other for our fight, really a happiest moment.
I enjoy getting home from work and laying on the couch and watching netflix.
when find my lover as a life patner
I played with my cat and he was in a happy mood.
Thinking about how my new Crepe Myrtle will look after I have planted it and it is settled in.
The family and I went to a cenote and swim.
My daughter and I cooked dinner then watched TV together.
I had a enjoyable family meal.
I met my girl friend in a modern dress.
Enjoying a delicious meal after trying a new recipe.
Finally getting home to my own bed after being away on a long airplane trip
When i won $1000 on a $5 lottery poker ticket/scratcher i was very happy this the most amount i ever won in my life.
I got to see a rainbow after a short rainfall.
I bought a movie I had been dying to see.
Very warm evening. Reached home very early. My daughter daughter got full mark on her class test. feeling happy.
My son sitting on the floor playing. He is smiling at me. He just said my name for the first time.
One of my long-lost piano books was in the car!
I found out that I got a bonus in my paycheck.
My daughter catching me sing our favorite song from a cartoon we watch together.
The girls walking in front of me are cute. They smile and laugh in an adorable way. I felt a little flushed smelling their sweet perfume.
I got up on the weekend to go get delightfully sweet donuts from the local bakery.
I went for a walk around the neighborhood last night.
Eating my first cupcake in years
I got up earlier than usual and had a productive start to the day.
I was able to buy that statue I wanted.
Summer is gone, weather is pretty good nowadays.
Walking down the street right as the sun is setting.
Now I'm having a great time with my son playing videogames with him, we laught a lot.
Silly cat videos are the best way to de-stress and smile after a tough client call.
I went for a long walk and enjoyed the sun.
Yesterday my husband gave one gift for me
Work went by smoothly and my colleagues complimented me.
I just found out the I was the top salesman of the month.
Yesterday took a bath with hot water after a hard work day
I went out to dinner with a bunch of friends today.
I watched pokemon on my laptop.
i realized that positive thinking leads to healing of sickness
Today I had an ultrasound of my unborn baby!
The first cigarette of the morning, stepping into the sunlight outside and enjoying a beautiful morning.
Early in the morning today, I went to the beach with my family and took great sunrise photos for my project.
I was happy as I watched my daughter doin better hw
I went to New York for the day to watch an outdoor Shakespeare play.  It was enjoyable.
My husband had put my favorite treat in the refridgerator.
I love it when my favorite TV show comes on just as I sit down!
Father was promoted at work to a supervisor position.
At the gym this morning I set a new personal record for my 1 mile run.
My friends and i went to the parking lot and got tipsy
We had breakfast on the beach.
I resolved a stressful situation at work when i got there tonight.  I made sure tomorrow will run more smoothly with no worries after.
Angel is so cute that it makes me laugh when she runs as fast as she can to greet Dad when he gets home from work.
The first cigarette of the day.
My husband cooked a delicious breakfast for me this morning.
My boss told me I was valued and that I'm very competent.
Early Morning at training, the morning sunshine is energizing.
yesterday i planned for monthly dayout to goa,felt excited.
No traffic on the way to work.
I had a happy moment when my husband gave me a birthday card last night.
I had the most delicious breakfast today, bread with peanut butter and honey, it tasted amazing.
I enjoyed pushing my daughter on the swings at the park this afternoon.
Sunday ,all family members come together for family discussion
When I drank my green juice today in the morning I felt very energetic.
I made a 100 dollars on a baseball bet.
I hit the clean sheets with naptime gusto.
We went to the beach.
It was wonderful to be a part of my loved ones on this amazing tour.
I got a lovely card in the mail unexpectedly from a dear old friend!
Yesterday after a long time I see my school mate and I am excited and happy.
At the end of the fourth inning of the Texas Rangers game I went to the dugout robotic camera to fix a tilt control gear that had come loose. The camera man was very grateful that I was able to fix it so quickly.
I celebrated my cute sister's birthday today.
Think about my grandbaby who is starting kindergarten and all the fun we've had together for the past 5 years.
Was expecting a big traffic mess, but got to work in record time.
I didn't pay the taxi because the driver thought i was pretty.
Opening the fridge to see prepared food for me from my girlfriend.
I talked to a elementary school friend the other day and the conversation was really fun.
When my children want morning snuggles for just those few seconds every morning .
Yesterday my husband took for movies.
Had a wonderful lunch with colleagues.  Had a good talk about work and got some ideas out there.
Swung my new born son in his baby swing this afternoon.
Nothing beats being greeted in the morning with a fresh cup of coffee from my partner.
Ate dinner with my family and watched TV. Very relaxing.
Got the windows cleaned and carpets shampooed - getting ready for winter!
Today morning my hubby gave me special gift and its a saree. Feeling joyful.
My daughter and I washed her new sheets for her college dorm.
My little sister left for her first year of college.
Getting paid from work.
I stepped outside. The air was so hot and humid it felt like a sauna, but it was filled with the fragrance of the mimosa tree.
It was a cool, breezy morning and I walked to work in perfect weather.
Watching Game of Thrones with my friends.
The waiter next door was opening a chocolate wrapper and offered me half piece. I picked a little piece and ate. It was joyous.
My sweet sister brought me a steak and potato because she thought I wasn't getting enough to eat since my wife is out of town.
I went on a date with someone on Tinder and he was better looking in person.
When my son was born.
Last month , when i got my letter of acceptance to my university, all my family gathered and we all celebrated .
Seeing my children's smiles when they first awake to then cuddle with me in recliner.
My wife gives me a massage after work.
When we got Osama Ben Ladin ...
I went for a walk in the park with my dog.
Full family attends my grand daughter's school annual day celebration.
All of my colleagues left the office before 5 pm and so at last I have couple of hours of pure concentration on work.
I enjoy the smell of brewing coffee first thing in the morning.
My amazon account was approved today, which was nice.
Aced that interview.  Scheduled for another interview.  Confident about chances of gaining job.
Getting finished with the days work. I'm a good parent. Giving it my all.
Gave two shirts to my friend who was poor and he accepted it very happily which makes me happy.
I rode bike through the park to the museum.
I picked up my 4 month old son from the daycare.  The work day is now behind me and I can enjoy my son's silly laughter.
What a relief! my sister finally delivered a health baby after experiencing three previous miscarriages.
We all sat in front of the TV this morning and watched a comedy skit that made us all laugh.
my daugther  got 1st rank with full total
Had car trouble, but was able to resolve it very easily. Felt blessed.
I was able to recover files that I accidentally deleted on my computer today.
I spent some time with Naongi at a coffee shop just drawing. It was very relaxing and comfortable.
We had a picnic as a family on a beautiful day.
My nephew and me went to the park today and we played.
I had lunch with my girlfriend at a nice restaurant.
A quiet night. It rains outside. Room light off and night light on. And old music is played.
I got honked at walking down the street.
Getting a promotion in work.
I watched my girlfriend play Pokemon GO during our ride to the store.
I worked on research with a colleague and we made new progress.
Having fresh flowers in my living room
My two year old finally calls me daddy before leaving the house today, felt so much love from her, put a smile on my face.
I felt proud of my children for being such good kids.
An Unforgettable day,my sister called me,  i became an aunt of a baby boy .
When I was on top of a hotel, looking at the city below me.
I had a yummy lunch.
When i was on facebook i noticed new foto of my friend with her newborn baby, wished them a good luck on their new journey.
I provided comfort and support for a close friend today.
My book might reach 15,000 new clients by the end of this month, super excited!
I went shopping with my family.
Today is trash day so I went around my house and emptied very waste basket.  I brought everything to the curb :)
good day at business. closed an important deal.
I had a very nice conversation with my boyfriend.
I loved meditating today.
Got to class on time and understood every slide in the lecture.
My daughter came into my bed for a cuddle this morning.
Month ago I quarrelled with my best friend. He became angry, really angry like devil. I said him: ''I'm nothing for you.''. He replied:"" YOU ARE WORTH FOR ME... You know nothing, so  shut up.'' 
It's happiness, when your close person loves you from heart even in anger.
Some money that was due to me but was only expected years down the line actually came in to my account this month, this was a pleasant surprise.
I went outside and the sun was shining and it was beautiful.
Caught up with a friend from college days. It was quite amazing to see how much he had changed.
This morning, I got a training of shooting real weapon. You know, I felt happy and excited
i woke up to peaceful  raindrops at my window  pane
Read a book to my child that my child chose from the shelf.
I was walking back to the place I was staying. It was a great Saturday afternoon. I've learned so much. I passed by an old man who told me look at the sky. There was a beautiful rainbow. I took out my phone to grab a picture. It's a beautiful rainbow on a beautiful day.
Got a lot of work done today.
IT WAS VERY RELAXING TO COME HOME AFTER A LONG DAYS WORK.
Last night I received a friend request on Facebook from a long lost love.
My girlfriend smiled at me first thing in the morning and said I love you.
Met my mother for brunch at one of our favorite restaurants on my lunch break.
I saw an old friend who had left the country for a while.
When I woke up, I had a text from that girl I like.
My dog was so excited to see me.
Got props at work from my  manager's boss.
Went for a nice walk with the breeze blowing in my hair.
What a wonderful day we had today at the race track.
It was rainy today but the weather was great later in the evening.
It's my birthday and I want to party.
I got to visit the kids, I've missed them. I was happy to see them.
My old classmate called me on my mobile.
I went for a run. It was really hard, but I made it through. Probably three miles round trip.
This morning I woke up fully rested, which is very rare!
I went to botanical garden. It was so beautiful and colorful.
After a long hard day of work, I came home to a delicious home cooked meal and I watched one of my favorite movies.
Having that first cup of coffee to perk you up.
My wife prepared my favorite dosa for breakfast.
As my car emerged from a tunnel I could suddenly see mountains.  No landscape had ever seemed so beautiful.
With the girlfriend working overtime i had a peaceful one hour time slot where i got to play video games before i had to make dinner.  It gave me time to destress after work.
Passing my speed tests in school.
Lunch with my family. I feel in ""my tribe"". Every each with characteristics that only us can understand. My chaotic mind is sometihing I am proud of, and I can easily see this same creative chaotic behavior in a family meeting.
Coming back from work and having dinner with my partner
My sister called me today and told me she was pregnant. I couldn't be happier.
My wife and i finally got to spend some adult alone time last evening.
I had breakfast and had lunch much food. I spent a long time with my sister talking about things of life and my daughter.
My new phone came in the mail today.
Got a text from A. Nice to talk to him again.
The hike I went on was peaceful and serene, like I've always remembered.
I sprinkle a bit of birdseed at the patio's edge, sit back to watch. Big black eyes look at me from the tall grass. Deer mouse arriving for dinner.
It's such a sunny morning. The sun shins particularly beautiful today. Beauty is in the small daily things!
I taught my niece about panda behavior in their natural habitat.
Last night, I had a breakthrough on a story I was writing, and solved a little problem.
On the 25th of each month i get really excited seeing my bank credit alert.
The wind is calm and cool, but neither hot nor cold.
I took a nice and relaxing shower.
Chatted with my parents, glad they're doing well.
My son had a great time at the game, and was so excited. Seeing his face made my heart happy.
Cool climate made me energetic and fresh and mad my day lucky.
i made coffee today.
It was my day off and the sun was shining.
The dinner I made tonight turned out so great! Everyone loved it.
old memories shared with pics with school friends group on whatsapp
When my wife said I do.  We got married and communion was our first act as a married couple.
I went to the park with my kids.
Waking up and making fresh coffee is such a good start to my day.
I loved going to the botanic garden with my wife and taking lots of pictures and making happy memories.
I met someone special yesterday, it makes my heart race.
Chipotle barbacoa burrito all by myself. Enough said.
Sleeping.
I made delicious spaghetti.
Yesterday evening my husband and myself sat together and had a cup of coffee.
The doctor called and the tests came back fine. I can get rid of one of the medications soon.
I finished lesson two of my programming class yesterday.
Its a humid, rainy day today.
I ordered a new guitar online. I've been saving up for it for months.
made 100k plays in music
The whole family helped me bake sugar cookies. No special occasion. Just for fun. Then we ate them!
I rode a roller coaster for the first time.
Enjoying the sun & a great book at the beach.
While washing dishes, a song I love came on the radio, and I sang along while I worked.
I had a warm cup of tea while reading a book.
Today I woke up feeling refreshed.
Hanging out with my kids after a long day at work
My best friend got his dream job today.
Saw my son score a touchdown yestetday, fill with joy.
I like to wear saree infront of my husband
Today I got to speak with my friends who I've been away from for months.
That moment at the end of the day when the barber below my house goes home and shuts of the radio and it all nice and quiet.
Got to spend the day relaxing with my husband today.
india got the medal in rio olympic on 8th day
It was a beautiful day and the wind was cool. Such a great day to be outside.
Today i my birthday, Im feeling very happy an looking forward to a party later
Realizing that I can do anything I want, whenever I want, because I'm an adult is so freeing!
Eating a meal with my significant other and discussing our days.
At the gym after work today.
Yesterday, I received a gift from my best friend, I was surprised.
I ate a healthy lunch with a friend.
My national team scored  one more victory in the olympics.
I had the most wonderful Thanksgiving with my family.
This morning I was able to drink an ice cold Coffiest for breakfast. It was very tasty.
Buy a new motorcycle.
family dinner
I found $10 on the sidewalk near work, felt lucky.
My husband pulled in the driveway at the end of the work day, I treasure the time we have together everyday.
Watched my daughter tenderly kiss my belly and tell her baby sister she loves her and wants her to come out and play.
An older couple at the restaurant complimented my wife and I on how engaged in conversation. It was refreshing for them to see.
Today my wife my daughter and me went to eat at a local restaurant, then we went to the movies, new film on broadcast. such nice moments, all relaxed.
For lunch, I had a yummy cheeseburger. It was so good.
I left work yesterday smiling as I got two good reviews on my phone sales calls
Finally got some much needed organizing done!
my happiest moment is when i heard news that i am going to be daddy.
That feeling when I turn down my street after a hard day at work.
Such a beautiful, clear morning when I left the station today!
I got to spend time with my awesome niece today!
The last bite of the chocolote cherry ice cream was all mine. All mine. It's like a relationship is ending and yet you can start on another one later.
Not very many people at the gym today.  I had most of the equipment I needed to myself!
I was able to get a raise at work today
Finally fulled moved into our new house today.
Yesterday, a friend i had not spoken to in years called me out of the blue. We had a great conversation.
Today, I did stayed home all day and played video games.
The day my husband and I got married was one of the most joyous occasions in my life, next to having our beautiful daughter.
When am alone in the office, it quiet and peaceful.
I was so happy when i haf the chance to meet my favorite rapper plies in july of 2011 and that wasnt the only time i did hang with him but that was a moment for life
I go to the gym and feel a bit better about taking care of myself.
Picked up my son from a sleepover.  He said that he loves me more than any of those people he was with.
I found a free Sherlock Holmes collection on Amazon.
My dog woke me up this morning, he was very energetic and happy to see me.
My basketball league team won its game yesterday. it was a hard fought battle but I relished and was overjoyed by our victory over our competitors.
Yesterday I met my old friend after two years.
I finally finished making my quilt.
I ate pizza today.
I was able to pay off some debt.  It was like a huge weight was lifted off my shoulders.
I went to play squash after a long time with my friend.
My son called just to say I love you.
Spending time with my family. I love being with my children.
I woke up early this morning and I meditated before going to class.
Yesterday, I was playing Pokemon Go and I put my Dragonite in a gym. Almost 24 hours later, my Dragonite is still there.
I realised when I got into work that I didn't have as much to do as I thought.
Sipping hot coffee in the morning.
I went to the community pool and had it to myself.
Visiting with my kids after school.
Harvested a huge batch of peppers from the garden to prep and freeze. Felt industrious and worthwhile, taking care of and respecting the earth.
After my workout, I exhaled with confidence in knowing I gave it all I had.
Last night I met some wonderful people.
My sweet little girls jumped right out of bed for the first day of school!
Completed reading a three thousand page novel on my iPad! Joyful! Now I can move on to the next one.
A butterfly flew around me in the garden, it was really pretty.
At night time I cook dinner and drink alcohol.
Meeting my best friend after a long time.
Got a new friend in GYM yesterday who was so nice.
Having campfires on the beach.
I went out with my girlfriend to see a movie.
Work went smooth and easy today without any hassles.
My sister came over for a girls night.
I got a new job working as a teacher.
I really happy when i got lip kiss to my wife.
my wife surprised me with a little gift for our aniversary
I started working out recently and was finally able to achieve a personal goal of mine: I was able to bike for 30 minutes straight without any rest.
I found out that my sister is going to have a baby!
Went swimming in a friend's mom's pool on an incredibly hot day.
I woke up early this morning and got to see the sun rise and the birds started chirping. It was peaceful.
I played fetch with my dog and her excitement was contagious. She was running and jumping all over the apartment.
At the rainy time will see the rain falls
My coffee, my wife, my daughter, the best part of my day.
I got a high score on my favorite game.
I am cooking supper for my family.
I went canoeing with my girlfriend.
Listening to music out loud, singing the songs.
Even though yesterday was a hard day of work we got to eat dinner at my favorite place and that's always a good thing.
The overcast day that had break a too hot week. Filling droplets of water in my skin.
I had a delicious salad for lunch that was very filling and tasted great.
I was happy again today 3:00 p.m. when more hits on mturk were posted that i like to work on and i got 10 of those hits completed.
I went in a date with a person I really like.
Today I witness the miracle of birth.
aargh i remember when i pass my high school exams with good grades my parents are so happy and the proud on thier fae for me make my whole day beautiful
I love when my bulldog lays on my lap.
I found out my wife was pregnant
I reached office on time.it happens once in a while. i felt proud and happy today.
Riding my bicycle on the trail putting in 10 miles non stop.
I went to my favorite cafe during lunch
I went swimming today, it was a lot of fun.
Purchased a new book from a favorite author today
MYSELF AND MY DAUGHTER WALKED 2 KM SPEAKING JOVIALLY
Having fun on Friday with my friends at my house having some drinks and opening up about life really made me happy.
My girlfriend surprised me by cooking me dinner when I got home.
It was so nice to see R for lunch and a shopping trip.
Seeing my daughter be so excited for school makes me feel so proud.
I beat my high score on a game.
Today I met my MTurk goal early, so any more work I do is a bonus. Score!
I spoke with the hottest chick in the office finally.
Instead of taking the bus, I walked home and enjoyed the warm weather.
Met mom for coffee today! We had a nice chat.
A member at the country club tipped me an extra twenty dollars for helping him. I had a huge smile.
I just weighed, and see that I lost two pounds this week!
Ride my horse and feel the air on hair as I walk through the forest is undoubtedly one of my happiest moments
I was happy when I met my girlfriend and we hit it off very well. I couldn't believe I was so compatible with someone else
Did my chores. Have the rest of the day to myself. I feel accomplished.
Free and delicious lunch at work, everyone is happy.
My boyfriend made me coffee while I was getting ready this morning.
I cant believe how beautiful the beach was.
I got lots of hits today on mturk and made $10.
I woke up with my cat purring at me. He seemed happy to see me awake and that made me happy too.
I mad more money than I expected today!
I'm thankful for the opportunity to rekindle memories with my former colleague.
I talked to a cute girl in the library and got her phone number .
i won the lottery yesterday,
The light falling through the window this afternoon was the first hint of Fall
I went for a walk with my son and dog. Very happy moment.
I was able to spend a little extra time with my son today.
I was able to help my mother resolve a difficult financial issue that she had today.
It is beautiful outside today.
I went to TJ Maxx and I bought some clothes for my daughter.
Two days ago a country woman won a silver medal at the Olympic games in Rio, Brasil.
Gabe and Sam sent us the money for Dad's prescriptions. What a relief! So happy he'll be healthy this month.
10 miles this morning. I can't believe how far I have come!
When I  met my school friend after a long time.
I brought cakes to work. I had made them myself and I was thrilled that my co-workers enjoyed them.
The highest was me. I was so happy hearing my name and my score. It was not perfect but I was the highest and I am so proud.
I was struggling to figure something out and my colleague went out of their way to help me.
My husband came from work early last night and surprised me by cooking dinner
The puppy I see yesterday was very cute.
i went for shopping after a long time and felt good.
When I was swimming in the lake down the street from my house with Mary.
I met my boyfriend in a place called ""ajedrez"", which means ""chess"" in spanish
Today is my husband's first day at his new job.
Went out with a friend, had some food and talked about life.
Went to get coffee and it was lovely.
Swinging in the park with my nieces and nephews.
I found a one hundred dollar bill on the sidewalk today.
Mid-afternoon: Made myself a margarita and hopped in the pool and did some reading.
I met my childhood friend.
Watching the movie of my favorite actor with my friends. Complete goosebumps seeing the actor on screen.
Today the weather outside has been sun with no clouds to be seen.
Cuddled with my S/O. She was sad so I comforted her.
Today I got to spend time shopping with my girlfriend.
I opened the bar and played my own music all morning instead of turning on the TV.
Floated in the pool for about 10-15 minutes.  Very refreshing.  Cleared my head & refocused on my goals.
This afternoon after leaving the grocery store, I found a $20 bill laying in the road!
I found $10 while cleaning under the couch I guess its my lucky night.
Reviewing my amazon turk statement for the past week.  I see that I earned over 40 dollars last week in HIT's I am feeling very happy!
I just won free tickets to the new Marvel movie.  Feels good man.
I ate a pie.
Going to the local pub and seeing familiar faces smile and greet me.
My pay day was yesterday. I went shopping.
I won several matches on an online video game.
I had a deep conversation about life and death and dying with my daughter and granddaughter.
Got to see my son for lunch.
I took a walk on the boardwalk today with friends.
I took a walk with my husband around the beautiful lake at sunset.
The weather is perfect for swimming today! I'm so happy!
I went for a walk early this morning as the dew was evaporating and the sun was rising and heating the cool air.
Have some free time for myself tonight to do whatever I want.
I got to work and didn't want to kick someones butt afterwards.
I took a long walk around the neighborhood today. It was a peaceful afternoon.
Αfternoon walk with my sons and ride on bicycles.
I went to Dave and busters with my wife today. We played a giant connect 4 game. I won heh.
Playing the tickling game with my 2 year old and seeing his whole face filled with delight and glee.
Walked into the living room to see a sweet sleepy pet lizard.
It is thunderstorming and I'm snuggling with my cat, enjoying life right now.
The boss paid for lunch for the whole office. I found my new favorite meatball sub at Jersey Mike's.
When I was a little girl.  Got to stay home with my mom all day and play.
Moving in to my new house
I went for lunch today and got a chicken burger with fries; and while I ate I watched soccer on TV, it was very realxing.
Met her after 5 years, she is still the same!
John brought me coffee in bed.
I, brought my kids to the zoo today.
Catch an earliest flight for long holiday with parent and siblings.
I cooked dinner for my wife tonight. When I saw her take a bite I knew she loved it. I felt proud.
I love the quiet when Ian and I are working on his school in the morning.
The quiet time at home, away from all the stress.
My wife is looking so beautiful
I went for a really long run and cleared my mind
I finished an important assignment at work.
I went for trekking in the mountains near my village. Enjoyed the scenic beauty and natural smell of forest.
I got an email from a long-lost friend.
I watched a TV series while cuddling with my boyfriend late at night.
Went to the gym in the afternoon. Felt good progressing in lifting weights.
My coworkers gave me a happy card today.
My boyfriend and I watched a movie together and laughed.
I complimented someone on their smile. It felt nice.
playing cricket my hobby
I woke up to a warm meal on the table and a great cup of coffee.
Queued for my favourite food and managed to get it unlike other days
I got to go out to dinner with this awesome guy and it as amazing. I really like him.
I played co-op video games with my wife today and it was the best.
When I was doing laundry I found $50 in my pocket.
Eating my favorite food, the texture and the taste
Woke up today and took a shower. Ran to the groceries where I saw my friend Jane.
I received an unexpected gift from my friend who had gone abroad.
Saw New York City skyline lit up at night.
“And then I felt sad because I realized that once people are broken in certain ways, they can’t ever be fixed, and this is something nobody ever tells you when you are young and it never fails to surprise you as you grow older as you see the people in your life break one by one. You wonder when your turn is going to be, or if it’s already happened.”
Saw Star Wars today. FINALLY!
I got to enjoy the organic coconut and mango popsicles I made yesterday morning as a treat after dinner, yum!
Went to a new friend's house last night and got to meet some cool new people while getting to know my friend better.
Passed my exam on Databases!
Bright and sunny morning, great for a walk with the dog.
I went for a jog this evening and the weather was nice and it was shady.
I had a very productive morning
My daughter and I made dinner together and had meaningful conversation.
I wrote down 4 things I wanted to get done at work, and proceeded to tackle all of them before noon. It was a great feeling of accomplishment.
My brother gifted me a beautiful necklace.
Had dinner with my parents happily after a long time in a restaurant.
Time to shut off my computer, spend time with my cat and a great Kindle Book.
Read stories to my little daughter and bring to smile and learn.
My boss just informed me that I will be getting a raise in the next month.
Finally did 0-6 in 5.2 seconds!
When I got to work this morning, my office was dark and I was there alone in silence.
I went rock climbing and had a blast.
I won money in a scratch off!
Feeling hungrier than usual at lunch today, I tried a new rice and vegetable dish from the supermarket.  It was delicious!
I took my son shopping for his birthday - he looked at all of the toys he was interested in, and I helped him make a birthday list so he could write down the things he was asking for.
Got to see the fiancee yesterday.
Had a great church service!
My three year old daughter called me back in the room at bedtime for one more hug.
I wrote a letter to my brother for his birthday.
My whole day was better after talking to Joe!
There I was, starving on the couch when Lucas comes home with leftover food from an office party. Thank goodness I have him.
My reddit.com thread gained so much popularity and was featured on front page, feeling a sense of achievement.
I went out to eat with some friends. Everyone was there. We had a great time talking about old times.
I played a dice game with my son over lunch and we laughed about our unluckiness.
Yesterday, I received gift from a customer in the shop.
So pleased to hear that Cassie made it fine across the country on her drive to school.
Took the kids to the park today. Watching them play with each other filled my heart with joy.
Husband surprised me with my favorite drink when I cam home - so in love!
Watching my daughter sleep puts a huge smile on my face.
I met my awesome wife for lunch.
Today, I marry my soul mate.
Walking up seven flights of stairs without stopping.
I helped my girlfriend figure out an important and complex legal issue.
My husband and I sat down for dinner, laughing at a favorite TV show.
I ate with all my family for a family get together.
Free snacks given by our officemate, yummy cake!
My favorite snack was still available at the cafeteria. It mostly is out of order when I get it.
Lasagna was made for dinner, I got the text. Now just to wait until I'm done at work so I can eat it. My favorite food is the best food!
I treated myself to an ice cream cone to celebrate the job.
Went to happy hour with friends.
Yesterday I spent 30 minutes outside working on the vegetable plants. This made be very happy.
My cat snuggled up with me while I was on the computer
I had a BBQ with friends in my garden. It was great to enjoy the evening sun and socialise in a relaxed way.
I went to a beach party with a few friends and had plenty of beers.
I saw a doe with 2 fawns grazing on grass while taking my morning walk.
Went backpacking this past weekend. Had perfect clear weather for stargazing from my hammock.
very happy Trump is slipping in the polls
I watched as my son happily gave his daddy five kisses in a row, two on each cheek and one on the forehead. He typically won't give him kisses.
Going for a run.
Walked into the kitchen and made a fresh breakfast.
Coming home from work and seeing my adorable puppy's face as he is excited to see me.
At my traditional wedding, i danced my heart out
The lake was beautiful as I jumped in for a swim today.
I had a fantastic honey glazed donut from the coffee shop just outside of my work.
I saw a cute hedgehog today, its short little legs ran quickly into a bush when it spotted me.
Receiving a warm hug from my daughter, really made my day.
My children are laughing while I make dinner.
This morning I ground my own coffee beans and brewed espresso in my Moka pot. It was refreshing.
My wife annouced me i will be a father.
I drove to the beach and went surfing.
My baby slept in past 9am today!
I had the best time at the river with my family. It was hot and humid but we had fun swimming to keep cool.
I talked to an old friend of mine who is living abroad on the phone.
About to fall asleep, I put on my headphones and listen to some relaxing music before I drift off.
laying in the bed with one arm around the body of my girlfriend
Enjoyed a really good breakfast
When i got the job in IT firms.
Broke a PR at the gym tonight after a week off.
Saw the first flower blooming on my balcony garden.
New car finally arrived. Love everything about it and can't wait to take it home.
Being able to not worry about the daily stressors such as money
I spent some time outside with my son today.
I made good profit on stock trading.
I cleaned the house and there were no ants left today.
Relaxing with my dinner, catching up with my social media.
I just finished weeding the garden. Whew! Done. The plants look good with some of the flowers turning into vegetables.
i was playing with daughter after a long working day
Nice drive home with no traffic. There was ice cream
My boss praised me today about how much improved my sales are.
I took my children this Sunday to their favorite theme park and felt happy seeing them enjoying.
Trains running on time today. Enjoyed a great breakfast at Tinkler's Deli before stepping into office.
The sunrise this morning was absolutely beautiful and I sat outside with a blanket and coffee as I watched.
Shopping at the mall with my best friend was enjoyable, as we both got made up at the Estee Lauder counter.
The roses my husband gave me when he came home from work made me feel like a princess.
After a long night at the bookstore, my boss says I can leave early.
My sister offered to babysit for me for three whole weeks, free of charge.
A phone call with good news from my mother.
I got to see the sun rise on my morning run today.
Today I feel relaxed because I slept very well.
This morning as I was walking with my daughter into her daycare, she looked up, took my hand and told me she loved me.
today i adopted a child.
I watched the grey, sad, gloominess of the sky give way to a beautiful blue hue. It's inspirational!
I was happy when i won competion in running) I worked very hard to do it but still i kne that there are a lot very good runners and I hardly can compete with them.
Climbed a 2 foot rock in my jeep, almost broke it.
Went to a comedy movie this sunday. Felt very relaxed. Hope, I can see more like these in near future.
Reading on Facebook things my grandson does since he lives afar.
As I walked up to my door, I looked over and saw Rocko sitting in the window, wagging his tail ever so quickly.  As I placed the key in the door, I hear his excited yips as he anticipates my walking in.  Once inside, he barks and spins on his hind legs, rejoicing in our meeting again.
I joked with a customer at work today, it made me feel happy.
Hugging my son's before a long trip.
Every morning my husband shows how much he loves me by getting up first and making coffee.
The day I got Certified as a Nursing Assistant!
Chris brought me over some of those brownies with salted caramel on top!
When I went downstairs father had prepared breakfast for us. I didn't have to do anything but sit down and start eating.
Just finished cooking dinner
listening to music
It brings me so much joy to watch movies with my boyfriend.
When I run at the park feeling the air in my face I feel relaxed.
Teachers approved my investigation, I'm feeling self-realized.
We had a family barbeque in the back yard.
I made some extra money today as a bonus, which is awesome because I am trying to put aside money for my family's Christmas presents so that when the time comes I wont be out of pocket. Very pleased.
When i score while playing soccer.
I got to sleep in an extra hour today.
I woke after a dream where Scott was pushing me on a swing.
I received a very nice e-mail from a co-worker thanking me for helping them.
Seeing that new film at long last.
I cleaned my house listening to classical music, was good I finished the cleaning really fast.
Bright, cheery flowers wrapped in paper at the grocery store.
I went for a bike ride by the beach and stop a bit to take in the beauty.
Talking to my girlfriend.
Came home and my partner made me soup for dinner. I felt happy that he cares about me.
Going for a swim in lukewarm, blue water.
Using my software synthesizer to create new sounds is very invigorating and exciting.
We watched our country won the Olympic gold medal.
My girlfriend Jelomy surprised me by bringing me my favorite snack.
Late night workout tonight. Gym was pretty empty which made me feel better.
The lawn looks great now that it's completely mowed.
Daughter in law asked me to come over for dinner for the first time.
Wishing my little babies good morning, kissing them and Giving them GOD's blessing makes me happy.
I bought the cellphone that I like
My teacher texted me to see how I was doing.
The feeling of completing a 3 mile jog first thing in the morning.
I had a customer tell me that I was wonderful today.
I'm in good health. My boyfriend and dog, Scar, is in good health. We are all ready to start the day together and find what new adventures and opportunities we can create. I get to start my morning by enjoying matcha green tea, getting Scar out of his kennel as he does the downward dog stretch, and let the sun kiss our faces.
I think I fell in love earlier. I don't think that's ever happened before. Not like this, at least.
My hen's new chicks were very excited to eat cucumber for the first time.
I had a movie night with my all time friends last night.
Me and parents traveling
Today I finished all the work I was tasked to do.
Painting this house isn't fun, but it's getting me closer to living with my fiancee.
My kids slept in an extra hour this morning so i was able to get up and relax for a few minutes.
I was enjoying the quiet while my children played happily.
being the person my boss asked for help
Instead of sleeping on the couch, my cat instead decided to spend the night with me. Heart warmed!
I listened to the rain tap, tap, tapping on the skylight as I took a long, warm bubble bath.
When i went to school, i was very inspirated to do a good job. it was an awesome day.
i did not awake to my alarm, but by myself
Nice dinner, white wine and dimmed lights. Spending evening together is awesome.
We got most of the boxes in the kitchen unpacked, and are getting toward having an unpacked house!
We were approved to buy a house today.
I saw the movie 'Sausage Party' tonight.
Great night at the theater with Jackie.
Finally finish a frustrating project at work. so relieved.
sam finally arrived in town. excited for dinner.
I got my rakhsha bandhan gift today from my brother.
I am very happy because all my family visit my home
I'm happy I made plans with my girl today.
The night had a cool breeze. I could feel the autumn chill coming in soon. Halloween was just around the corner.
Frank and I had a great conversation on the way home, and laughed most of the way.
We had my favorite meal for dinner.
We had a nice trip to Tennessee
I found out that I won the lottery! This is the best day ever.
When my partner gave me unsolicited back scratches it made me feel loved.
My husband surprised me by gifting me a beautiful dress.
My sister has given birth to my nephew
My favorite player scored the winning goal of the match.
My dog is doing great from getting injured.
I helped my husband get ready for work, I'm proud to be his wife.
Readying the guest room for family coming to visit leaves me tingling with anticipation.
Drinking smoothie after my yoga session.
Wow...All my tensions are left when i seen the smile on her lips today.
Spent a long time cuddling with Lola this morning.
I was driving through a thunderstorm listening to one of my favorite songs
My team leader announce yesterday at work that our team got an extra week to finish the project.
When I was out watering the plants, a rabbit hopped up and sat near me. A lovely moment in nature.
When I had my children.
While at work, I got to meet a lot of new customers and potential friends with neat stories about their everyday lives and families.
I accomplished many goals during work and left satisfied
We went to the beach and enjoyed the waves and sun, and even got to build a sandcastle.
Meeting my friends at a card tournament yesterday, warm feelings of appreciation.
Sold some old clothing items and made a good amount of money.
I just learned about my daughter's promotion at her work.  I was so excited that she is achieving so much at such a young age.
Saw the smile of my younger daughter and forgot the world
Looking through old journals from when you were young
I went for a movie after work today.
My daughter rolled over for the first time today, so proud of her!
Began using a sticker chart to reinforce good behavior in my daughter.  She walked over to it, looked at it and said, ""you guys are so proud of me.""
Went to my wife's college graduation. I was very proud to see her on the stage.
Spent time with my boyfriend. We went to see ""Sausage Party"".
I went to a movie with my friends.
Getting married two years ago.
I reached out and held hands with my wife for no particular reason. We felt connected.
I went and got pizza with workmates!
I watched my housemate talking to their cat.
I went kayaking on the lake today with Katie. We packed a picnic and had lunch by the shore of the lake. I couldn't have asked for better weather. Sunny and 75.
We had grits for breakfast.  It was delicious.
Relaxing time spent in a cottage. Great weather for swimming and relaxing on the beach.
Nothing is better than my first coffe on mondays.
Sat and watched my son play for over an hour with a toy truck, best hour in a while.
My baby girl ran up to me today and finally told me that she loved me for the first time!
I gave my mom money for bills today.
When I wake up on the morning and roll over and stretch.
Wiskey (my dog) jumped over me to wish good morning.
My son ate dinner with me tonight.
made dinner for my boyfriend after he got home from work
I won a horse race
I just adopted the two kittens I've been fostering for the past several weeks. I'm excited to give them their forever homes.
I made a dinner for my mother that she really enjoyed.
I enjoyed talking to a local musician about things that he and I have in common.
Jodi and I shared a great picnic together.
I was invited to go for coffee by my daughter.
End of the day met with an old friend, realized how much life has changed. Always good to catch up after a long time.
RANJIT HIT THE GOAL REALLY SUPERB.
Hungry for lunch and discovered leftovers.
I had a really good dream last night
received a very beautiful and encouraging message from my husband.
I watched a good movie with my husband while my kids were in bed.
Canadian golfer sensation Bonnie Shelley is from my hometown, isn't that awesome?
We went to my favorite hamburger joint for lunch today. Gotta love it.
When I come home and see my dog I had not scene for a while.
I watched a good movie.
Rode my motor scooter to work today, wind in my hair and sun on my face.
Done with work for the day time to punch the clock and go home.
Today i was glad that I had no school work to do.
I listened melodious film music in the morning that soothes mind and soul
This morning, I woke up next to my girlfriend
The weather was great and I was able to drive with the windows down and the music blasting.
When I went jogging in the morning today, a stranger gave me a compliment on my looks. It made my day.
I went swimming last evening with my brother and sister at my sister's apartment.
The kids played a game together and enjoyed it; they didn't fight and helped each other out.
I WENT FOR A TREKKING IN COORG. THE LANDSCAPE IS TOTALLY SLOPE AND FULL OF ROCKS AND GRASS. THE WHOLE COLLEGE FRIENDS WAS ENJOYED. FEELING EXCITED AND ADVENTUROUS.                                     -
Playing with my son and enjoying her giggling. What a delight it is.
Watched many US teams take home medals in the Olympics.
I went with my children to the movies, we had a blast.
This morning the weather is absolutely gorgeous for the month of August in Kansas City.
I went in to my daughter's bedroom and woke her up.
I was working hard to get tasks done at work and my supervisor took me aside to tell me they think I am doing a great job.
Driving down to the beach yesterday with the wind in my hair and the sun on my face.
I arrived at my village today for the holidays. Everyone was healthy and well. feeling so loved.
I met my future wife.
Watching the sunset on my porch.
I love pizza and today I ate almost half a pizza.
I went home early without getting in trouble yesterday.
Drinking a cup of hot tea and reading a book was relaxing.
I ate a chococate with orange this afternoon because I made a pause at work
sipping you coffee while reading your favorite novel is ultimate bliss
playing with my kids.
I had the house to myself yesterday afternoon and relaxed all day
Left the house and saw the sun shining. Felt like the weather would be good today.
I had a nice, relaxing dinner with my family.
in office i was doing time-pass with friend and boss didn't know what i Am doing
My brother took me for ice cream
Today I went to the DMV to update my drivers' licence, and there was no line!
My subject at work recovered well.
I beat a difficult game.
My son and daughter both of them got selected for semi-finals for their school Annual Sports day meet.
I got a new haircut and color today, I'm so happy with it.
My puppy very nicely brought me his toys and dropped them at my feet for a very successful game of fetch.
I ate lunch with my three younger cousins and we decided to go to the movies this weekend. I like spending time with my cousins.
eating chipotle that i had been craving all day
There are edible mushrooms growing on our land. My mother is making a mushroom soup. Just potatoes, mushrooms, and butter. Delicious.
in my graduation level i got gold medal in my college.i feel very good.
in the morning I received my college degree, receiving the title turn and behind me all my proud of my family was, for the goal that had just turned.
There is nothing better then ice cream on a hot summer day.  Yum!
I had a great workout at the gym this morning.  Feeling energized and motivated.
I went out for a quiet walk at 2 in the morning with nothing but just me and my thoughts.
Hearing my unborn child's heartbeat at the doctors office today.
I couldn't stop the tears in my eyes when I heard the voice of my father after 2 years.
Hanging out at the cabin with our good friends.
i had a really great conversation with my mom.
I had an amazing lunch with one of my long lost friends.
Yesterday, I beat a difficult video game called Dark souls 3 and  it was a satisfying success because it took a lot of trial and error and effort to beat this hard game and complete a good storyline.
Watching my kids play and splash in the pool.
Occupy my mind with positive thoughts
I got a promotion at work.
I played with my dogs.
I am pergnant after a long time from out marriage day. me and my husband is very happy. very expecting that person
I walked through Sam and Courtney's new house with them to see where they plan on putting things.
Managed to get ahead on my projects and relieved a little stress.
My sweet 1 year old Michelle just surprised me by telling her name.
I bought new coconut shampoo for my hair and the smell of it is delicious and makes my shower more relaxing.
I was able to get some sleep today.
I had a really tricky problem at work today. It took me 6 hours, but I finally solved it, and it felt great to finally have everything working properly.
Peace in the backyard with the kitties running free, then it started sprinkling on us.
I went to the pool with my siblings.
Woke up refreshed and energetic on a day off. The sun was shining outside.
worked out
I managed to get to work early and bring in donuts for all the coworkers.
Six-year-old daughter came in the room with outstretched arms, saying, ""Can I have a hug?""
I am lying down to take a nap. My bed is comfortable and there is a gentle breeze moving through the room.
Good mornings with my baby always make me happy.
Riding my bike out into the country on the trail besides my house.
i went to my mother's house and spent some time with her.
I was able to get through my whole workout with out stopping.
Today Bobby turned three years old! I can't believe it's already been three years!
I finished my exercises. I don't feel too tired, this is great!
The day my doughter was born
I went to see a good theatre play last night and it was fun
Daughter and I went to the park. The weather was perfect.
Took my dog for a ride with loads of treats, it was his birthday.
I walked down the aisle. My beautiful dress on and then I saw my husband. I felt true love.
I got saved!
Stargazing under the light of the moon and the shadow of the mountain makes me very happy.
Brooke came home from college for a visit. We cooked dinner together and went for haircuts. Love spending time with my girl.
What a beautiful sunset by the fire pit last night - good friends, good times.
My son Joe just started walking today, I have been waiting for this exciting moment!
My daughter came home for a visit today.
My son drew a picture of our family in school today.
The air conditioning technician came early in the time window and it was repairable at $323 instead of replacement at $6500.
Had a hangout with some of my college buddies after a long time.
I played with my dog
I went for a swim with my girlfriend having fun and joy
I remembered that I still had cold pizza in the fridge.
I just got done cleaning the apartment.
I spent a lot of time playing Pokemon GO with my son today. We both had a blast and even managed to take over a gym together.
When I walked into the kitchen this morning my husband had already brewed me a cup of coffee.
Went to the gym for my weekly exercise.
Chloe's cute little puppy face makes me so happy.
The smell of coffee filling our small apartment just felt so cozy and warm.
Today, my kid kissed me and my wife and said ""I'm so happy I have you as my parents"". So cute.
when turned after hearing a call i saw a kid bring my fallen wallet.
Played a hilarious video game today with my best friend. We were laughing and joking almost the whole time.
Had a lovely jog with Sarah today, was able to shave 5 seconds off.
Early evening at the dog park, chatting with friends. Storm rolls in.
The lunch smells so good and has a fabulous taste.I'm happy to eat it all.
Hiking with family.  Beautiful Sunday afternoon.
My son told me he wanted to do the same job as me when he grows up.
My guinea pig let me scratch behind his ear. He normally doesn't let me do that.
Walking outside in the sunshine and feeling happy about the clear sky.
I eaten a tasty brownie with mocaccino.
We had a birthday dinner celebration for our oldest and our youngest of four boys. We all were there, all of the family. We talked excitedly. We ate good food. We gave them birthday cards with money and gift cards. We prayed for them before we ate and blessed their lives. It was a great night of family and fun.
As the sun began to rise over the mountain, Joe and I packed up camp and headed back to the trailhead.
My daughter give me bunch of kisses when come get her after work, she melt my heart.
I saw my favorite person
The sun setting during my evening run was gorgeous. The sky was blue, pink, and orange and absolutely breathtaking.
I bought fresh fruits and vegetables with low price.
Took my kiddo to a movie, we laughed so much, snacked on popcorn and candy.
I was so happy to eat the both delicious rice and bulgogi for lunch today.
I ENJOY VACA
When I discovered you should put half and half with sweet cream for coffee.
Driving in my car, with my girl by my side, my hand in hers, and singing to the radio.
My daughter ate all of her dinner including her vegetables.
Today I received a phone call from my overseas buyer placing order for 500  leather jackets.
I got a really good deal on all my groceries from the store.
My mom's surgery went well, she should be home tonight!
Decided to go for a walk downtown with two friends on a nice breezy day outside.
I made good money at work.
She smiled at me today. I felt like the whole world came alive and smiled at me too.
I went to Epcot back in March. My favorite was Test Track.
Playing in the mud with my daughter.
I took a walk around school in between my breaks and food free chips and water.
Hanged out with Ashee today and watched an interesting movie...
